
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.154353                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                154352626500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330520705000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  77247                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   146789                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182687949                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5458392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   844.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    65265542                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     124021665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25272640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25272640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21423744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21423744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163733139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            163733139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    138797405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           138797405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    302530544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           302530544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25271232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21423680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25272704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21423744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    37896                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    11137                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 154352363000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 210125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  13478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  10965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   8866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   9002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   8668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   8160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   7332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   6496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   5924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  4948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  4273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  3023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 41067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  51263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  56619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  58933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  58804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  58574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  13962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  14536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  22055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       218448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.753461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.172287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.777873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        69659     31.89%     31.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        58484     26.77%     58.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68566     31.39%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9091      4.16%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5530      2.53%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2692      1.23%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1535      0.70%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1116      0.51%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1775      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       218448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.450170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.328506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        52992     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        53000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.315943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.873491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.990777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44116     83.24%     83.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3868      7.30%     90.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2653      5.01%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2363      4.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        53000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 39682791123                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            47086472373                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   100497.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              119247.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      163.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      138.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   163.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   138.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  290320                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 220828                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211548.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26566088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5153980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122627068500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              829657080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              821620800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              452689875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              448305000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546490400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533012000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1085957280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082911680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61478408205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        61221525165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38679845250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38905181250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         114154232970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         114093740775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.594177                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.202254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24511360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24511360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20685888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20685888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158801055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158801055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134017078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134017078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    292818134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           292818134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382990                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323217                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382990                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323217                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24510016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20685888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24511360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20685888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    27329                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     9710                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 154351872000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382990                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323217                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 206224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   9654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   9344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   9480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   9769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   9499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   8593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  5333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 30256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  49688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  55012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  57016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  57375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  57160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  13785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  13792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  19389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       189819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   238.090560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.351790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.204052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42041     22.15%     22.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56886     29.97%     52.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68281     35.97%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8836      4.65%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6015      3.17%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2637      1.39%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1665      0.88%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1170      0.62%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2288      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       189819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.462586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.011685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        51312     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        51318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.298316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.863965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.951010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42502     82.82%     82.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4112      8.01%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2560      4.99%     95.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2144      4.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        51318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 35700445568                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            42881114318                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    93220.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              111970.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  287348                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 229010                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    218564.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27042099750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5153980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   122151046250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              723582720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              711335520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              394812000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              388129500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500649800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486118400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1048807440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1045360080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60445461330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59968847565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39585933000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40004015250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113780431170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113684991195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.172399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.554052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24511488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24511488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20687296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20687296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158801885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158801885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134026200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134026200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    292828085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           292828085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323239                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323239                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24510336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20687040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24511488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20687296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    25366                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     9521                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 154351826000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323239                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 206527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   9457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   9364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   9611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   9719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   9556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   8809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   7989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 28264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  49642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  54890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  57091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  57475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  57213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  13732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  13852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  19344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       189104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   238.994839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.533010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.842415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41042     21.70%     21.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56396     29.82%     51.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69054     36.52%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8893      4.70%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5935      3.14%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2675      1.41%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1687      0.89%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1094      0.58%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2328      1.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       189104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.460900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.063212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        51324     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        51330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.297195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.861815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.956553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42530     82.86%     82.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4091      7.97%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2512      4.89%     95.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2197      4.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        51330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 35241705555                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            42422468055                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    92021.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              110771.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  287480                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 229613                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    218557.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138855750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5153980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   122054289250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              720377280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              709143120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              393063000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              386933250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500915000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485907800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1048794480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045489680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        60023123820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59560077195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39956403750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40362585000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113723862210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113631320925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.805900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.206334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24491712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24491712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20684928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20684928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158673763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158673763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134010859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134010859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    292684621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           292684621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382683                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323202                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382683                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24491072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20684672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24491712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20684928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    26711                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     9641                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 154351503000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382683                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323202                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 206099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   9663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   9340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   9722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   9820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   9652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   8932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   7868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  5012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  4041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 29381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  49704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  54922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  56934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  57541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  57136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  13691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  13696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  19578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       187548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.870177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.532756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.169922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39417     21.02%     21.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56509     30.13%     51.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68922     36.75%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9125      4.87%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5773      3.08%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2609      1.39%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1696      0.90%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1163      0.62%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2334      1.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       187548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.459812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.440274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        51291     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        51297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.300524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.863974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.959783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42503     82.86%     82.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4039      7.87%     90.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2578      5.03%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2177      4.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        51297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 35229730570                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            42404849320                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    92062.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              110812.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  287506                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 230808                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218663.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5153980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122968193750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              713414520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              704304720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              389263875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              384293250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499183400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485244800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1048626000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1045405440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10081184880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        60201163890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59654375145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39800220000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40279859250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113733056565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113634667485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.865535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.228082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              522524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547226                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 59.734191                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.784868                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               131.823180                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12793135     94.43%     94.43% |      337119      2.49%     96.92% |      294462      2.17%     99.10% |      117367      0.87%     99.96% |        5088      0.04%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547226                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     44999951                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.080592                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.658112                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.944373                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    42900016     95.33%     95.33% |     1439794      3.20%     98.53% |       48657      0.11%     98.64% |       54301      0.12%     98.76% |       55875      0.12%     98.89% |       83020      0.18%     99.07% |      141503      0.31%     99.38% |      189211      0.42%     99.81% |       87574      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      44999951                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            44999950                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              23.158416                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.701827                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            140.929326                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    44735652     99.41%     99.41% |      232013      0.52%     99.93% |       28434      0.06%     99.99% |        3451      0.01%    100.00% |         331      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              44999950                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        42828553                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000150                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000125                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015033                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    42822736     99.99%     99.99% |        5675      0.01%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          42828553                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171397                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        420.759306                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       233.752345                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       495.478412                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1907099     87.83%     87.83% |      232013     10.68%     98.51% |       28434      1.31%     99.82% |        3451      0.16%     99.98% |         331      0.02%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171397                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         616753                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       616753                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          248                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          193                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          153                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          167                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     28140436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     29452587                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14682979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14810121                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       643885                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46326                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       213653                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2132575                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78045                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        33583                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91511                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        33673                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          652                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91501                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        33775                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        33765                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        34790                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        32709                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        34019                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        33953                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20150                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64729                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64314                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        17017                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66353                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47783                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27396                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47802                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24903                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10841                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14914                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62847                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47869                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles       107915                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     23138744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     23138744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     23532191                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     23138744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10420648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10246664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     23138744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.074954                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     11506539                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     11506539                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11966055                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11506539                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6428463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6183051                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     11506539                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.037274                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7418806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7418806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7700748                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7418806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2903974                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2883754                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7418806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.024032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6331190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6331190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6595727                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6331190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2581086                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2569786                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6331190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.020509                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8709215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8709215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9034052                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8709215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3922825                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3863051                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8709215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.028212                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8834574                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8834574                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9138017                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8834574                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3755467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3740278                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8834574                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028618                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9384408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9384408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9727494                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9384408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3467958                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3453092                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9384408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030399                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6428558                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6428558                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6732873                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6428558                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2554333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2539926                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6428558                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4346517                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4346517                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4505277                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4346517                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1791298                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1777429                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4346517                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.014080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5733365                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5733365                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5982700                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5733365                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2544291                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2519961                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5733365                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018572                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884644                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884644                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3969405                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884644                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463991                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461212                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884644                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3446419                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3446419                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3468374                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3446419                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1279790                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1279487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3446419                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011164                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4768064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4768064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4798953                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4768064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967578                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1967140                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4768064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015445                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3643088                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3643088                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3667019                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3643088                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371705                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371388                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3643088                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104020                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104020                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2126242                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104020                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768979                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768620                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104020                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006816                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3209111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3209111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3258921                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3209111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166778                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1166003                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3209111                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010395                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4328763                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4328763                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4379993                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4328763                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1520240                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1519283                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4328763                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014022                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3357782                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3357782                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3412626                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3357782                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205220                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204074                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3357782                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010877                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3433036                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3433036                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3511727                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3433036                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254398                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252848                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3433036                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011121                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959374                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959374                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1977733                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959374                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724162                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723874                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959374                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006347                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1798636                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1798636                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1802648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1798636                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720843                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720812                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1798636                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2436823                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034590                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034282                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007873                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109107                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109107                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2115234                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109107                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845088                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845019                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109107                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006832                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499503                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499503                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1759798                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1759798                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1763525                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1759798                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675365                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675330                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1759798                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005701                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408876                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408876                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2415190                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408876                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014247                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408876                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007803                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067969                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067969                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2074210                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067969                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819353                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819285                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067969                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006699                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506461                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506461                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004314                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7918550                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7918550                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8307463                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7918550                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2990350                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2985350                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7918549                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7878811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7878811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8147953                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7878811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2895760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2890231                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7878811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025522                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7880288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7880288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8221283                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7880288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2897389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891416                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7880288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025527                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8217014                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8217014                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8530768                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8217014                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3030442                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3023902                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8217014                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026618                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    14787023     32.39%     32.39% |    28800441     63.09%     95.49% |     2060306      4.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     45647770                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    14787023     32.39%     32.39% |    28800442     63.09%     95.49% |     2060306      4.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     45647771                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   533520879                       |   691206090                       |    45954439                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1174800381                       |   116977418                       |     2060307                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.080344                       |   23.999844                       |   22.304667                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   79.448066                       |    4.061654                       |    1.000000                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.836659                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    28.343950                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         56.180609                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002300                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.057990      8.18%      8.18% |    0.057899      8.17%     16.36% |    0.056192      7.93%     24.29% |    0.056103      7.92%     32.21% |    0.111779     15.78%     47.98% |    0.111768     15.77%     63.76% |    0.111728     15.77%     79.53% |    0.111695     15.76%     95.29% |    0.008343      1.18%     96.47% |    0.008344      1.18%     97.64% |    0.008345      1.18%     98.82% |    0.008344      1.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.708530                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017521                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027723                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001747                       |    0.001747                       |    0.001747                       |    0.001746                       |    0.001796                       |    0.001697                       |    0.001746                       |    0.001747                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004504                       |    0.002132                       |    0.002022                       |    0.002016                       |    0.002005                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001954                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002032                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002067                       |    0.002056                       |    0.001987                       |    0.002000                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001989                       |    0.002040                       |    0.002030                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002057                       |    0.002110                       |    0.002131                       |    0.002054                       |    0.002072                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002092                       |    0.002134                       |    0.002110                       |    0.002266                       |    0.002221                       |    0.007670                       |    0.007437                       |    0.007437                       |    0.007431                       |    0.000078                       |           0                       |    0.001903                       |    0.003902                       |    0.000249                       |    0.000251                       |    0.000249                       |    0.000251                       |    0.000257                       |    0.000244                       |    0.000248                       |    0.000249                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002195                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002135                       |    0.001416                       |    0.001777                       |    0.002145                       |    0.000248                       |    0.002546                       |    0.005502                       |    0.001861                       |           0                       |    0.002269                       |    0.006813                       |           0                       |    0.005287                       |    0.008579                       |    0.002702                       |    0.001777                       |    0.002136                       |    0.000249                       |    0.005656                       |    0.004798                       |    0.009417                       |    0.001777                       |    0.002119                       |    0.000251                       |    0.007881                       |    0.004954                       |    0.003526                       |           0                       |    0.002235                       |    0.006587                       |           0                       |    0.008159                       |    0.005020                       |    0.003522                       |           0                       |    0.002179                       |           0                       |    0.004128                       |    0.002511                       |    0.002346                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |           0                       |    0.002072                       |    0.001418                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |           0                       |    0.001145                       |    0.002110                       |    0.002376                       |    0.001777                       |    0.002134                       |    0.000249                       |    0.002630                       |    0.004091                       |    0.005478                       |    0.002215                       |    0.001777                       |    0.002114                       |    0.000249                       |    0.004690                       |    0.008583                       |    0.007510                       |    0.003289                       |    0.027607                       |    0.003964                       |    0.001903                       |    0.003554                       |    0.014107                       |    0.019558                       |    0.004261                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002239                       |    0.003902                       |    0.003539                       |    0.009132                       |    0.014265                       |    0.004195                       |    0.001777                       |    0.002106                       |    0.000251                       |    0.006892                       |    0.005624                       |    0.007866                       |    0.004102                       |           0                       |    0.002112                       |           0                       |    0.002015                       |    0.004088                       |    0.004066                       |    0.003164                       |           0                       |    0.002235                       |           0                       |    0.001117                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002351                       |           0                       |    0.002251                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002131                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |    0.002177                       |           0                       |    0.001992                       |    0.002326                       |    0.003977                       |    0.002111                       |           0                       |    0.002404                       |    0.006587                       |           0                       |    0.001924                       |    0.005284                       |    0.007214                       |    0.002114                       |    0.001827                       |    0.002072                       |    0.000257                       |    0.014766                       |    0.005650                       |    0.003666                       |    0.002161                       |    0.001727                       |    0.002079                       |    0.000244                       |    0.002531                       |    0.007833                       |    0.004259                       |    0.002151                       |           0                       |    0.002333                       |    0.006584                       |           0                       |    0.002746                       |    0.008196                       |    0.004579                       |    0.002179                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.001146                       |    0.004058                       |    0.002289                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |    0.002199                       |           0                       |    0.000219                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002222                       |           0                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002054                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |           0                       |    0.000887                       |           0                       |    0.003817                       |           0                       |    0.002114                       |           0                       |    0.002907                       |    0.000666                       |    0.004709                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.007084                       |    0.002475                       |    0.002302                       |           0                       |    0.002151                       |           0                       |    0.000875                       |    0.005112                       |    0.002740                       |           0                       |    0.002179                       |           0                       |    0.004547                       |    0.004395                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004153                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002222                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002092                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.708530                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14545197                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14545197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694996                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11869848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11215041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.483442                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          597360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29687                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15139339                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95050                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22644423                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188703                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15234389                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22833126                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37783762                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283753                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              38067515                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14817311                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14827407                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14817311                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14827407                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                301878598                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47448656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76832645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14545197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11812401                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             248455611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1522200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       205862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373885                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       348100                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14816706                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341424                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    297743914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.505756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.707933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        266805680     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5842803      1.96%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1728195      0.58%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1363180      0.46%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4990611      1.68%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5264688      1.77%     96.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1230956      0.41%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           617061      0.21%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9900740      3.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    297743914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.254515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28224573                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     244796721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17715852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6245661                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         761100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      142575892                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         761100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30977589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151902172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16931123                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20892141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76279782                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      139273956                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        3140223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    151349742                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     314165085                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    189141230                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     133666627                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17683085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447762                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          42220301                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8030568                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23204516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1142479                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       906449                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          136426780                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       598953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         140654271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12601088                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17049151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141916                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    297743914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.213419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    240150619     80.66%     80.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22836391      7.67%     88.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13773637      4.63%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8752597      2.94%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3444979      1.16%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4009983      1.35%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730212      1.25%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562256      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483240      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    297743914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123952      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954645     68.06%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324156     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504879      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101939473     72.48%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63757      0.05%     72.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15114585     10.75%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22979252     16.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      140654271                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.465930                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402753                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009973                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580749627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149636621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131438438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      141552117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1612238                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10085                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075220                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8458646                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         761100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5601880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142748075                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137025733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8030568                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23204516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       589860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         111735                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10085                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407051                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     139353509                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14886605                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37570115                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12190473                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22683510                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.461621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              131579858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             131438458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78631916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         113571220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.692358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       457037                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       708013                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    295516572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.211912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    246082202     83.27%     83.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19349806      6.55%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11004274      3.72%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10811614      3.66%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2254277      0.76%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       533170      0.18%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390339      0.81%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523646      0.18%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2567244      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    295516572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     65265541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      124021662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28818430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6689142                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11484554                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         123440864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       515271                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218011      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94871988     76.50%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62394      0.05%     76.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6689142      5.39%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22129288     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    124021662                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2567244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            429693823                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           276145209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4134684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            65265541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             124021662                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.625390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.625390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.216198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.216198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        192706529                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95962399                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60593530                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45380211                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        62453305                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2921946000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2921946000.000004                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6247889                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       100.012924                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       40.042026                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      185.883885                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5493798     87.93%     87.93% |      337119      5.40%     93.33% |      294462      4.71%     98.04% |      117367      1.88%     99.92% |        5088      0.08%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6247889                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280447                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.265672                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.126380                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.936787                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5172142     71.04%     71.04% |     2097806     28.81%     99.86% |        9465      0.13%     99.99% |         918      0.01%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280447                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18890                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.104659                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.796484                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.100610                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         666      3.53%      3.53% |        2280     12.07%     15.60% |        8650     45.79%     61.39% |        4429     23.45%     84.83% |        2846     15.07%     99.90% |          18      0.10%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18890                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7199370                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           32.960499                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.902768                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         187.497736                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7122073     98.93%     98.93% |       66422      0.92%     99.85% |        9619      0.13%     99.98% |        1136      0.02%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7199370                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6751324                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000544                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000468                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024207                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6747682     99.95%     99.95% |        3637      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6751324                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       448046                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     484.408264                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    205.086458                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    589.542474                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      370749     82.75%     82.75% |       66422     14.82%     97.57% |        9619      2.15%     99.72% |        1136      0.25%     99.97% |          95      0.02%     99.99% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        448046                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22664054                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           32.892008                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.095893                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         166.753663                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22477079     99.18%     99.18% |      165567      0.73%     99.91% |       18813      0.08%     99.99% |        2315      0.01%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22664054                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     21095992                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000125                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000099                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016321                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21093919     99.99%     99.99% |        1936      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       21095992                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568062                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     435.043787                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    270.048499                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    477.660537                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1381087     88.08%     88.08% |      165567     10.56%     98.63% |       18813      1.20%     99.83% |        2315      0.15%     99.98% |         236      0.02%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568062                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14810120                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.743163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.084938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.078192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14809789    100.00%    100.00% |         305      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14810120                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14682979                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14682977    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14682979                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.567952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.540322                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    66.346162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126810     99.74%     99.74% |         305      0.24%     99.98% |          18      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127141                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.069809                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.007371                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      318218     97.88%     97.88% |        5318      1.64%     99.52% |        1312      0.40%     99.92% |         136      0.04%     99.96% |          57      0.02%     99.98% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296880     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.854018                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.278614                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    81.594463                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       21238     75.53%     75.53% |        5318     18.91%     94.44% |        1312      4.67%     99.10% |         136      0.48%     99.59% |          57      0.20%     99.79% |          45      0.16%     99.95% |          11      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       255132                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      5179554                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       332375                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    29197                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    28383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    29351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    27412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    29572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    28164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    29476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    27791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    29383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    29889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   29274                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   26398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   29191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   28098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   29473                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   28435                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  19685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  12068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  19555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  12993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  19367                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  12211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  19455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  12626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  19502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  13049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 19659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 11445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 19718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 12346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 19407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 12046                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     1838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     1053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     1099                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     1087                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     1158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    1787                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    1069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    1811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    1060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    1023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                48882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                40451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                48906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                40405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                48939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                40375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                48931                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                40417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                48885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                42938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               48933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               37843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               48909                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               40444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               48880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               40481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles               251001188                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles               215100448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               238251909                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles               250982743                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               245064197                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles               215797393                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               235513782                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               250377181                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               225117003                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               229602961                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              239127294                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              232195433                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              230289475                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              228570728                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              245901374                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              248785196                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 8600                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 7516                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 8463                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 7295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 8615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7266                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8695                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 7259                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 8431                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 7778                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                8467                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                6946                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                8567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                8355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                7556                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               6024                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               3012                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               6161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               3233                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               6009                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               3262                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               5929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               3269                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               6193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               3406                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              6157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2926                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              6057                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              3225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              6269                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2972                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               20597                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               20867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               20888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               20117                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               20957                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               20898                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               20781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               20532                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               20952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               22111                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              20807                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              19452                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              20624                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              20795                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              21118                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              20879                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             15499                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             10109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             15208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             10859                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             15139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             10078                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             15315                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             10444                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             15144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             10801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            15289                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             9588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            15472                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            10181                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            14978                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            10097                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                3239844                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2418649                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                3217536                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2382013                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                3246735                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2443017                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                3236315                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2404133                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                3234238                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2457872                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               3271191                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2381237                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               3269087                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2398801                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               3252311                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2456343                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2199480                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1477547                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2282932                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1257647                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2314407                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1383065                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2321550                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1365948                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2403621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1427474                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2373634                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1252969                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2350384                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1371590                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2438072                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1312783                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             595092                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             519954                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             519191                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             595590                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             519882                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             595072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             519810                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             595725                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             553486                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            595072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            487150                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            595176                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            519269                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            595153                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            520089                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3580866                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2986341                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3478708                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3174721                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3570367                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3105675                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3447427                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3176752                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3293145                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              3112467                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3391334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3084306                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3403316                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             3068920                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3360875                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             3223733                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2199480                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1477547                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2282932                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1257647                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2314407                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1383065                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2321550                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1365948                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2403621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1427474                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2373634                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1252969                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2350384                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1371590                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2438072                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1312783                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        516642                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        595072                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        517190                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594900                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        516557                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        595072                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        516210                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        548800                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       595072                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       484305                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       516306                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       517188                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2477406                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1897502                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2448518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1887870                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2512945                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1907000                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2492680                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1908075                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2436820                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1901640                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2495038                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1869513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2470738                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1878428                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2486818                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1943410                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            3207301                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2389505                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            3194291                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2356748                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            3228136                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2406151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            3213538                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2382769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            3210171                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2427723                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           3238648                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2352815                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           3245842                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2373977                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           3234827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2428014                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         306238052                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         306238048                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         306238054                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         306238050                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         306238059                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        306238055                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        306238071                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        306238067                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          3213376                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2405760                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          3203345                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2359009                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          3231942                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2418690                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          3220931                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2396230                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          3219227                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2444257                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         3247636                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2364686                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         3259808                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2391760                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         3239724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2442177                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             19685                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             12068                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             19555                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             12993                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             19367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             12211                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             19455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             12626                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             19502                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             13049                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            19659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            11445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            19718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            12346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            19407                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            12046                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             20597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             20867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             20888                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             20117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             20957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             20898                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             20781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             20532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             20952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1             22111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            20807                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            19452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1            20624                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1            20795                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            21118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1            20879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1690                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              1992                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1711                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             1699                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1825                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394859     25.58%     25.58% |      382990     24.81%     50.39% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382683     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328915     25.68%     25.68% |      317379     24.77%     50.45% |      317398     24.78%     75.23% |      317359     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281051                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394885     25.58%     25.58% |      382990     24.81%     50.40% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382683     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543550                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334746     25.66%     25.66% |      323217     24.78%     50.44% |      323239     24.78%     75.22% |      323202     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57752     25.14%     25.14% |       57419     25.00%     50.14% |       57402     24.99%     75.13% |       57132     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229705                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394859     25.58%     25.58% |      382990     24.81%     50.39% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382683     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328659     25.67%     25.67% |      317185     24.78%     50.45% |      317207     24.78%     75.23% |      317170     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280221                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57752     25.14%     25.14% |       57419     25.00%     50.14% |       57402     24.99%     75.13% |       57132     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229705                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394858     25.58%     25.58% |      382990     24.81%     50.39% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382683     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328659     25.67%     25.67% |      317185     24.78%     50.45% |      317207     24.78%     75.23% |      317170     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280221                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     7000467     97.21%     97.21% |          14      0.00%     97.21% |       25088      0.35%     97.56% |       25088      0.35%     97.91% |       25088      0.35%     98.26% |       25088      0.35%     98.61% |       25745      0.36%     98.96% |       24432      0.34%     99.30% |       25088      0.35%     99.65% |       25088      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7201186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14810169    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14810169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22454304     97.67%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |       67068      0.29%     97.96% |       67068      0.29%     98.25% |       67070      0.29%     98.54% |       67071      0.29%     98.83% |       69006      0.30%     99.13% |       65130      0.28%     99.42% |       67073      0.29%     99.71% |       67072      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22990862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18782     99.66%     99.66% |          14      0.07%     99.73% |           7      0.04%     99.77% |           8      0.04%     99.81% |           8      0.04%     99.86% |           8      0.04%     99.90% |           1      0.01%     99.90% |           4      0.02%     99.93% |          11      0.06%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434083     66.33%     66.33% |           0      0.00%     66.33% |       91003      4.21%     70.54% |       91002      4.21%     74.75% |       90989      4.21%     78.95% |       91004      4.21%     83.16% |       93565      4.33%     87.49% |       88445      4.09%     91.58% |       91005      4.21%     95.79% |       90994      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.04%     13.04% |           2      8.70%     21.74% |           8     34.78%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           2      8.70%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           4     19.05%     28.57% |           4     19.05%     47.62% |           3     14.29%     61.90% |           2      9.52%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247417     55.58%     55.58% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       24724      5.55%     61.13% |       24719      5.55%     66.69% |       24715      5.55%     72.24% |       24719      5.55%     77.79% |       25365      5.70%     83.49% |       24086      5.41%     88.90% |       24717      5.55%     94.45% |       24711      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           2      9.52%     19.05% |           3     14.29%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           4     19.05%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           8     38.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191859     69.05%     69.05% |           0      0.00%     69.05% |       66787      3.87%     72.92% |       66789      3.87%     76.78% |       66785      3.87%     80.65% |       66790      3.87%     84.52% |       68711      3.98%     88.50% |       64870      3.76%     92.26% |       66789      3.87%     96.13% |       66795      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307151     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       90991      4.47%     68.70% |       90990      4.47%     73.17% |       90974      4.47%     77.64% |       90992      4.47%     82.11% |       93563      4.60%     86.71% |       88439      4.35%     91.06% |       90987      4.47%     95.53% |       90988      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250045     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.84% |       24726      5.52%     61.36% |       24722      5.52%     66.88% |       24720      5.52%     72.40% |       24725      5.52%     77.92% |       25365      5.66%     83.58% |       24087      5.38%     88.96% |       24727      5.52%     94.48% |       24711      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122604    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061836     66.53%     66.53% |           0      0.00%     66.53% |       66787      4.18%     70.71% |       66789      4.18%     74.89% |       66781      4.18%     79.08% |       66788      4.18%     83.26% |       68711      4.30%     87.57% |       64870      4.06%     91.63% |       66787      4.18%     95.82% |       66795      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.59%     99.59% |           0      0.00%     99.59% |           6      0.05%     99.64% |           7      0.06%     99.71% |           8      0.07%     99.78% |           8      0.07%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           3      0.03%     99.88% |          11      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         204    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1938     98.73%     98.73% |           0      0.00%     98.73% |           4      0.20%     98.93% |           2      0.10%     99.03% |           7      0.36%     99.39% |           1      0.05%     99.44% |           1      0.05%     99.49% |           3      0.15%     99.64% |           4      0.20%     99.85% |           3      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14682979    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14682979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5538     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           6      0.00%     99.97% |           7      0.01%     99.97% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3545885     99.92%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |         362      0.01%     99.93% |         366      0.01%     99.94% |         368      0.01%     99.95% |         363      0.01%     99.96% |         379      0.01%     99.97% |         345      0.01%     99.98% |         361      0.01%     99.99% |         377      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3548806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1885     99.37%     99.37% |          12      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186447     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       24702      6.43%     54.97% |       24715      6.43%     61.40% |       24694      6.43%     67.83% |       24717      6.43%     74.27% |       25365      6.60%     80.87% |       24084      6.27%     87.14% |       24716      6.43%     93.57% |       24690      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           4     21.05%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           2     10.53%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           2     10.53%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3050200    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3050200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21333025     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         279      0.00%     99.99% |         275      0.00%     99.99% |         284      0.00%     99.99% |         279      0.00%     99.99% |         292      0.00%    100.00% |         257      0.00%    100.00% |         281      0.00%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21335242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         195     97.99%     97.99% |           0      0.00%     97.99% |           1      0.50%     98.49% |           1      0.50%     98.99% |           0      0.00%     98.99% |           0      0.00%     98.99% |           1      0.50%     99.50% |           1      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120704     67.88%     67.88% |           0      0.00%     67.88% |       66289      4.02%     71.90% |       66275      4.01%     75.91% |       66280      4.01%     79.93% |       66275      4.01%     83.94% |       68198      4.13%     88.07% |       64355      3.90%     91.97% |       66271      4.01%     95.98% |       66298      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1650945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.64%     13.64% |           2      9.09%     22.73% |           7     31.82%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           2      9.09%     68.18% |           4     18.18%     86.36% |           3     13.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           1      0.16%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247417     55.58%     55.58% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       24724      5.55%     61.13% |       24719      5.55%     66.69% |       24715      5.55%     72.24% |       24719      5.55%     77.79% |       25365      5.70%     83.49% |       24086      5.41%     88.90% |       24717      5.55%     94.45% |       24711      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           2      9.52%     19.05% |           3     14.29%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           4     19.05%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           8     38.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129973     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     59.09%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           3     13.64%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           3     13.64%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061886     66.53%     66.53% |           0      0.00%     66.53% |       66787      4.18%     70.71% |       66789      4.18%     74.89% |       66781      4.18%     79.08% |       66788      4.18%     83.26% |       68711      4.30%     87.57% |       64870      4.06%     91.63% |       66787      4.18%     95.82% |       66795      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1815     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     91.79%     91.79% |           0      0.00%     91.79% |           2      0.50%     92.29% |           4      1.00%     93.28% |           5      1.24%     94.53% |           4      1.00%     95.52% |           3      0.75%     96.27% |           3      0.75%     97.01% |           5      1.24%     98.26% |           7      1.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307151     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       90991      4.47%     68.70% |       90990      4.47%     73.17% |       90973      4.47%     77.64% |       90992      4.47%     82.11% |       93563      4.60%     86.71% |       88439      4.35%     91.06% |       90987      4.47%     95.53% |       90988      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3919      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.02% |        3538      2.78%      8.80% |        3535      2.78%     11.58% |        3657      2.88%     14.46% |        4078      3.21%     17.67% |        3854      3.03%     20.70% |        3403      2.68%     23.37% |        3672      2.89%     26.26% |        5262      4.14%     30.40% |        4068      3.20%     33.60% |        3928      3.09%     36.68% |        3671      2.89%     39.57% |        4526      3.56%     43.13% |        3963      3.12%     46.25% |        3834      3.01%     49.26% |        4274      3.36%     52.62% |        4310      3.39%     56.01% |        3755      2.95%     58.96% |        3436      2.70%     61.66% |        3179      2.50%     64.16% |        3790      2.98%     67.14% |        3597      2.83%     69.97% |        3442      2.71%     72.68% |        3754      2.95%     75.63% |        3870      3.04%     78.67% |        3359      2.64%     81.32% |        4766      3.75%     85.06% |        4100      3.22%     88.29% |        5237      4.12%     92.40% |        5171      4.07%     96.47% |        4489      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108478     24.21%     24.21% |       13875      3.10%     27.30% |       11537      2.57%     29.88% |       12322      2.75%     32.63% |       11482      2.56%     35.19% |       10963      2.45%     37.64% |        9719      2.17%     39.81% |        9717      2.17%     41.98% |       11738      2.62%     44.59% |       10327      2.30%     46.90% |       13072      2.92%     49.82% |       12102      2.70%     52.52% |       10143      2.26%     54.78% |        9917      2.21%     56.99% |        9380      2.09%     59.09% |        9711      2.17%     61.25% |       10944      2.44%     63.70% |       10106      2.26%     65.95% |       10361      2.31%     68.26% |       10698      2.39%     70.65% |       10621      2.37%     73.02% |       11065      2.47%     75.49% |       12406      2.77%     78.26% |        9960      2.22%     80.48% |       10105      2.26%     82.74% |       10763      2.40%     85.14% |        9978      2.23%     87.37% |        9724      2.17%     89.54% |       11139      2.49%     92.02% |       10190      2.27%     94.30% |       11926      2.66%     96.96% |       13636      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       448105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66373      4.16%      4.16% |       50422      3.16%      7.32% |       47235      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.17% |       46343      2.90%     16.07% |       46465      2.91%     18.98% |       45303      2.84%     21.82% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47457      2.97%     27.65% |       47400      2.97%     30.62% |       47606      2.98%     33.60% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.54% |       46880      2.94%     42.48% |       47090      2.95%     45.43% |       47161      2.95%     48.38% |       48154      3.02%     51.40% |       48415      3.03%     54.43% |       49583      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.14%     60.68% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       51055      3.20%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51703      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51726      3.24%     92.94% |       58104      3.64%     96.58% |       54602      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596218                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172845      8.49%      8.49% |       64064      3.15%     11.64% |       58557      2.88%     14.52% |       58273      2.86%     17.38% |       57591      2.83%     20.21% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54814      2.69%     25.67% |       55105      2.71%     28.38% |       58959      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60436      2.97%     37.07% |       60020      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56606      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.35% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58908      2.89%     54.03% |       58330      2.87%     56.90% |       59708      2.93%     59.83% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64138      3.15%     72.04% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60962      3.00%     78.00% |       62289      3.06%     81.06% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63907      3.14%     90.19% |       61728      3.03%     93.23% |       69837      3.43%     96.66% |       68035      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51114      3.99%      3.99% |       39630      3.10%      7.09% |       39651      3.10%     10.19% |       39643      3.10%     13.28% |       39619      3.09%     16.38% |       39629      3.10%     19.47% |       39634      3.10%     22.57% |       39639      3.10%     25.67% |       39646      3.10%     28.76% |       39648      3.10%     31.86% |       39649      3.10%     34.96% |       39657      3.10%     38.06% |       39629      3.10%     41.15% |       39640      3.10%     44.25% |       39642      3.10%     47.35% |       39628      3.10%     50.44% |       39667      3.10%     53.54% |       39653      3.10%     56.64% |       39659      3.10%     59.74% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39664      3.10%     69.03% |       39657      3.10%     72.13% |       39651      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39655      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39641      3.10%     87.61% |       39649      3.10%     90.71% |       39633      3.10%     93.81% |       39641      3.10%     96.90% |       39637      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7426      3.23%      3.23% |        7201      3.13%      6.36% |        7196      3.13%      9.50% |        7155      3.11%     12.61% |        7201      3.13%     15.74% |        7141      3.11%     18.85% |        7161      3.12%     21.96% |        7172      3.12%     25.09% |        7239      3.15%     28.24% |        7173      3.12%     31.36% |        7234      3.15%     34.50% |        7211      3.14%     37.64% |        7279      3.17%     40.81% |        7210      3.14%     43.95% |        7229      3.15%     47.09% |        7140      3.11%     50.20% |        7173      3.12%     53.32% |        7198      3.13%     56.45% |        7214      3.14%     59.59% |        7140      3.11%     62.70% |        7145      3.11%     65.81% |        7133      3.10%     68.91% |        7111      3.09%     72.00% |        7101      3.09%     75.09% |        7196      3.13%     78.22% |        7243      3.15%     81.38% |        7168      3.12%     84.49% |        7095      3.09%     87.58% |        7137      3.11%     90.69% |        7153      3.11%     93.80% |        7112      3.09%     96.89% |        7138      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229825                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59656      3.86%      3.86% |       47881      3.10%      6.97% |       47895      3.10%     10.07% |       47846      3.10%     13.17% |       47866      3.10%     16.27% |       47817      3.10%     19.37% |       47843      3.10%     22.47% |       47859      3.10%     25.57% |       47933      3.11%     28.67% |       47869      3.10%     31.78% |       47930      3.11%     34.88% |       47915      3.10%     37.99% |       47956      3.11%     41.09% |       47897      3.10%     44.20% |       47918      3.10%     47.30% |       47815      3.10%     50.40% |       47887      3.10%     53.50% |       47899      3.10%     56.60% |       47920      3.10%     59.71% |       47842      3.10%     62.81% |       47830      3.10%     65.91% |       47846      3.10%     69.01% |       47816      3.10%     72.10% |       47799      3.10%     75.20% |       47897      3.10%     78.30% |       47947      3.11%     81.41% |       47868      3.10%     84.51% |       47783      3.10%     87.61% |       47833      3.10%     90.71% |       47834      3.10%     93.80% |       47802      3.10%     96.90% |       47824      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58632      3.88%      3.88% |       46857      3.10%      6.98% |       46871      3.10%     10.09% |       46822      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46819      3.10%     22.48% |       46835      3.10%     25.58% |       46909      3.11%     28.69% |       46845      3.10%     31.79% |       46906      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     38.00% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46873      3.10%     44.20% |       46894      3.10%     47.31% |       46791      3.10%     50.41% |       46863      3.10%     53.51% |       46875      3.10%     56.61% |       46896      3.10%     59.71% |       46818      3.10%     62.81% |       46806      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46775      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46759      3.10%     87.61% |       46809      3.10%     90.71% |       46810      3.10%     93.81% |       46778      3.10%     96.90% |       46800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          60     29.85%     29.85% |           0      0.00%     29.85% |           7      3.48%     33.33% |           6      2.99%     36.32% |          24     11.94%     48.26% |          24     11.94%     60.20% |           2      1.00%     61.19% |           4      1.99%     63.18% |           5      2.49%     65.67% |           1      0.50%     66.17% |           4      1.99%     68.16% |           3      1.49%     69.65% |           2      1.00%     70.65% |           0      0.00%     70.65% |           0      0.00%     70.65% |           0      0.00%     70.65% |           2      1.00%     71.64% |           2      1.00%     72.64% |           6      2.99%     75.62% |           3      1.49%     77.11% |           1      0.50%     77.61% |           4      1.99%     79.60% |           3      1.49%     81.09% |           3      1.49%     82.59% |           4      1.99%     84.58% |           4      1.99%     86.57% |           4      1.99%     88.56% |           5      2.49%     91.04% |           5      2.49%     93.53% |           5      2.49%     96.02% |           7      3.48%     99.50% |           1      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          23     92.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         646      3.47%      3.47% |         546      2.93%      6.40% |         531      2.85%      9.25% |         522      2.80%     12.06% |         567      3.04%     15.10% |         532      2.86%     17.96% |         569      3.06%     21.01% |         590      3.17%     24.18% |         626      3.36%     27.54% |         551      2.96%     30.50% |         614      3.30%     33.80% |         625      3.36%     37.15% |         681      3.66%     40.81% |         625      3.36%     44.17% |         640      3.44%     47.60% |         580      3.11%     50.72% |         592      3.18%     53.90% |         627      3.37%     57.27% |         619      3.32%     60.59% |         562      3.02%     63.61% |         560      3.01%     66.61% |         574      3.08%     69.70% |         542      2.91%     72.61% |         531      2.85%     75.46% |         605      3.25%     78.71% |         649      3.49%     82.19% |         590      3.17%     85.36% |         536      2.88%     88.24% |         544      2.92%     91.16% |         562      3.02%     94.18% |         546      2.93%     97.11% |         538      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173159      8.48%      8.48% |       64269      3.15%     11.63% |       58761      2.88%     14.51% |       58468      2.86%     17.37% |       57801      2.83%     20.20% |       56505      2.77%     22.97% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55300      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.27% |       57723      2.83%     34.10% |       60647      2.97%     37.07% |       60210      2.95%     40.02% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56451      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59096      2.89%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.90% |       59895      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63097      3.09%     68.89% |       64328      3.15%     72.04% |       60552      2.97%     75.01% |       61150      3.00%     78.01% |       62478      3.06%     81.07% |       60799      2.98%     84.05% |       61422      3.01%     87.05% |       64096      3.14%     90.19% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70029      3.43%     96.66% |       68236      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         543      3.25%      3.25% |         471      2.82%      6.07% |         466      2.79%      8.86% |         466      2.79%     11.65% |         513      3.07%     14.72% |         468      2.80%     17.52% |         507      3.03%     20.56% |         532      3.18%     23.74% |         551      3.30%     27.04% |         490      2.93%     29.97% |         536      3.21%     33.18% |         568      3.40%     36.58% |         623      3.73%     40.31% |         565      3.38%     43.69% |         582      3.48%     47.17% |         526      3.15%     50.32% |         537      3.21%     53.54% |         574      3.44%     56.97% |         566      3.39%     60.36% |         513      3.07%     63.43% |         508      3.04%     66.47% |         524      3.14%     69.61% |         483      2.89%     72.50% |         471      2.82%     75.32% |         547      3.27%     78.59% |         595      3.56%     82.16% |         534      3.20%     85.35% |         482      2.89%     88.24% |         493      2.95%     91.19% |         512      3.06%     94.25% |         492      2.95%     97.20% |         468      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18695      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7087      3.01%     13.94% |        7033      2.98%     16.92% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7035      2.98%     34.76% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.96%     40.72% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.62% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6998      2.97%     55.54% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6982      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.35% |        6994      2.97%     73.31% |        6987      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6964      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7024      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40418      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.26% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         566      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.81%      6.19% |         466      2.79%      8.98% |         466      2.79%     11.77% |         512      3.06%     14.83% |         470      2.81%     17.65% |         509      3.05%     20.69% |         532      3.18%     23.88% |         550      3.29%     27.17% |         488      2.92%     30.09% |         537      3.21%     33.30% |         568      3.40%     36.70% |         623      3.73%     40.43% |         565      3.38%     43.81% |         580      3.47%     47.28% |         524      3.14%     50.42% |         535      3.20%     53.62% |         573      3.43%     57.05% |         567      3.39%     60.44% |         509      3.05%     63.49% |         506      3.03%     66.51% |         523      3.13%     69.64% |         485      2.90%     72.55% |         472      2.82%     75.37% |         548      3.28%     78.65% |         594      3.55%     82.20% |         535      3.20%     85.40% |         480      2.87%     88.28% |         490      2.93%     91.21% |         510      3.05%     94.26% |         490      2.93%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88095     42.06%     42.06% |        6767      3.23%     45.29% |        4439      2.12%     47.41% |        5263      2.51%     49.93% |        4469      2.13%     52.06% |        3064      1.46%     53.52% |        2708      1.29%     54.82% |        2718      1.30%     56.11% |        4682      2.24%     58.35% |        3288      1.57%     59.92% |        5976      2.85%     62.77% |        5110      2.44%     65.21% |        3147      1.50%     66.72% |        2921      1.39%     68.11% |        2363      1.13%     69.24% |        2747      1.31%     70.55% |        3944      1.88%     72.43% |        3127      1.49%     73.93% |        3303      1.58%     75.50% |        3714      1.77%     77.28% |        3639      1.74%     79.01% |        4078      1.95%     80.96% |        5402      2.58%     83.54% |        2970      1.42%     84.96% |        3092      1.48%     86.43% |        3751      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.65% |        2755      1.32%     90.97% |        4133      1.97%     92.94% |        3205      1.53%     94.47% |        4965      2.37%     96.84% |        6610      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25928      8.50%      8.50% |       10086      3.31%     11.80% |        6891      2.26%     14.06% |        5819      1.91%     15.97% |        5977      1.96%     17.93% |        6092      2.00%     19.93% |        4963      1.63%     21.55% |        5255      1.72%     23.28% |        7107      2.33%     25.61% |        7055      2.31%     27.92% |        7276      2.38%     30.30% |        7753      2.54%     32.84% |        6380      2.09%     34.94% |        6542      2.14%     37.08% |        6749      2.21%     39.29% |        6831      2.24%     41.53% |        7802      2.56%     44.09% |        8063      2.64%     46.73% |        9229      3.03%     49.76% |        9835      3.22%     52.98% |        9948      3.26%     56.24% |       11697      3.83%     60.08% |       11593      3.80%     63.88% |       10254      3.36%     67.24% |       10707      3.51%     70.75% |       11373      3.73%     74.47% |       10473      3.43%     77.91% |       11365      3.73%     81.63% |       12623      4.14%     85.77% |       11388      3.73%     89.50% |       17753      5.82%     95.32% |       14270      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51111      3.99%      3.99% |       39624      3.10%      7.09% |       39645      3.10%     10.19% |       39638      3.10%     13.28% |       39618      3.10%     16.38% |       39624      3.10%     19.47% |       39632      3.10%     22.57% |       39635      3.10%     25.67% |       39644      3.10%     28.76% |       39646      3.10%     31.86% |       39645      3.10%     34.96% |       39656      3.10%     38.06% |       39628      3.10%     41.15% |       39639      3.10%     44.25% |       39640      3.10%     47.34% |       39627      3.10%     50.44% |       39666      3.10%     53.54% |       39652      3.10%     56.64% |       39656      3.10%     59.74% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39662      3.10%     69.03% |       39655      3.10%     72.13% |       39649      3.10%     75.22% |       39652      3.10%     78.32% |       39654      3.10%     81.42% |       39648      3.10%     84.52% |       39639      3.10%     87.61% |       39646      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39639      3.10%     96.90% |       39634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6777      3.21%      3.21% |        6661      3.15%      6.36% |        6664      3.16%      9.52% |        6632      3.14%     12.66% |        6611      3.13%     15.79% |        6591      3.12%     18.92% |        6592      3.12%     22.04% |        6582      3.12%     25.15% |        6610      3.13%     28.29% |        6623      3.14%     31.42% |        6620      3.14%     34.56% |        6584      3.12%     37.68% |        6597      3.12%     40.80% |        6586      3.12%     43.92% |        6591      3.12%     47.04% |        6561      3.11%     50.15% |        6580      3.12%     53.27% |        6570      3.11%     56.38% |        6592      3.12%     59.50% |        6575      3.11%     62.61% |        6584      3.12%     65.73% |        6557      3.11%     68.84% |        6568      3.11%     71.95% |        6569      3.11%     75.06% |        6589      3.12%     78.18% |        6591      3.12%     81.30% |        6577      3.12%     84.42% |        6556      3.11%     87.52% |        6592      3.12%     90.65% |        6588      3.12%     93.77% |        6561      3.11%     96.87% |        6602      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172842      8.49%      8.49% |       64064      3.15%     11.64% |       58557      2.88%     14.52% |       58273      2.86%     17.38% |       57591      2.83%     20.21% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54814      2.69%     25.67% |       55105      2.71%     28.38% |       58959      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60436      2.97%     37.07% |       60020      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56606      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.35% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58908      2.89%     54.03% |       58330      2.87%     56.90% |       59708      2.93%     59.83% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64138      3.15%     72.04% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60962      3.00%     78.00% |       62289      3.06%     81.06% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63907      3.14%     90.19% |       61728      3.03%     93.23% |       69837      3.43%     96.66% |       68035      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      4.92%      4.92% |           2      3.28%      8.20% |           5      8.20%     16.39% |           4      6.56%     22.95% |           1      1.64%     24.59% |           3      4.92%     29.51% |           2      3.28%     32.79% |           4      6.56%     39.34% |           2      3.28%     42.62% |           1      1.64%     44.26% |           3      4.92%     49.18% |           1      1.64%     50.82% |           1      1.64%     52.46% |           1      1.64%     54.10% |           1      1.64%     55.74% |           1      1.64%     57.38% |           1      1.64%     59.02% |           1      1.64%     60.66% |           2      3.28%     63.93% |           0      0.00%     63.93% |           0      0.00%     63.93% |           2      3.28%     67.21% |           2      3.28%     70.49% |           2      3.28%     73.77% |           1      1.64%     75.41% |           1      1.64%     77.05% |           3      4.92%     81.97% |           2      3.28%     85.25% |           2      3.28%     88.52% |           2      3.28%     91.80% |           2      3.28%     95.08% |           3      4.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           61                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          83      4.19%      4.19% |          71      3.58%      7.77% |          66      3.33%     11.11% |          57      2.88%     13.98% |          78      3.94%     17.92% |          80      4.04%     21.96% |          60      3.03%     24.99% |          58      2.93%     27.92% |          79      3.99%     31.90% |          62      3.13%     35.03% |          77      3.89%     38.92% |          59      2.98%     41.90% |          59      2.98%     44.88% |          59      2.98%     47.85% |          58      2.93%     50.78% |          55      2.78%     53.56% |          58      2.93%     56.49% |          55      2.78%     59.26% |          55      2.78%     62.04% |          56      2.83%     64.87% |          55      2.78%     67.64% |          53      2.68%     70.32% |          58      2.93%     73.25% |          60      3.03%     76.27% |          59      2.98%     79.25% |          58      2.93%     82.18% |          56      2.83%     85.01% |          59      2.98%     87.99% |          55      2.78%     90.76% |          55      2.78%     93.54% |          61      3.08%     96.62% |          67      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1981                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     29.41%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           9     26.47%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |           0      0.00%     55.88% |          11     32.35%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           4     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           7     13.21%     20.75% |           4      7.55%     28.30% |           1      1.89%     30.19% |           0      0.00%     30.19% |           0      0.00%     30.19% |           0      0.00%     30.19% |           0      0.00%     30.19% |          18     33.96%     64.15% |           0      0.00%     64.15% |          17     32.08%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           1      1.89%     98.11% |           0      0.00%     98.11% |           0      0.00%     98.11% |           1      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58632      3.88%      3.88% |       46857      3.10%      6.98% |       46871      3.10%     10.09% |       46822      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46819      3.10%     22.48% |       46835      3.10%     25.58% |       46909      3.11%     28.69% |       46845      3.10%     31.79% |       46906      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     38.00% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46873      3.10%     44.20% |       46894      3.10%     47.31% |       46791      3.10%     50.41% |       46863      3.10%     53.51% |       46875      3.10%     56.61% |       46896      3.10%     59.71% |       46818      3.10%     62.81% |       46806      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46775      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46759      3.10%     87.61% |       46809      3.10%     90.71% |       46810      3.10%     93.81% |       46778      3.10%     96.90% |       46800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     68.35%     68.35% |           0      0.00%     68.35% |           2      2.53%     70.89% |           1      1.27%     72.15% |           1      1.27%     73.42% |           1      1.27%     74.68% |           1      1.27%     75.95% |           1      1.27%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           1      1.27%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           1      1.27%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           2      2.53%     82.28% |           1      1.27%     83.54% |           1      1.27%     84.81% |           1      1.27%     86.08% |           1      1.27%     87.34% |           2      2.53%     89.87% |           2      2.53%     92.41% |           2      2.53%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.33%      8.33% |           2      5.56%     13.89% |           3      8.33%     22.22% |           3      8.33%     30.56% |           0      0.00%     30.56% |           2      5.56%     36.11% |           1      2.78%     38.89% |           3      8.33%     47.22% |           2      5.56%     52.78% |           1      2.78%     55.56% |           2      5.56%     61.11% |           1      2.78%     63.89% |           1      2.78%     66.67% |           1      2.78%     69.44% |           1      2.78%     72.22% |           1      2.78%     75.00% |           1      2.78%     77.78% |           1      2.78%     80.56% |           1      2.78%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      2.78%     86.11% |           1      2.78%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      2.78%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           3      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      5.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           5      4.17%      9.17% |           5      4.17%     13.33% |          23     19.17%     32.50% |          22     18.33%     50.83% |           1      0.83%     51.67% |           3      2.50%     54.17% |           5      4.17%     58.33% |           1      0.83%     59.17% |           3      2.50%     61.67% |           3      2.50%     64.17% |           2      1.67%     65.83% |           0      0.00%     65.83% |           0      0.00%     65.83% |           0      0.00%     65.83% |           2      1.67%     67.50% |           2      1.67%     69.17% |           5      4.17%     73.33% |           3      2.50%     75.83% |           1      0.83%     76.67% |           2      1.67%     78.33% |           2      1.67%     80.00% |           2      1.67%     81.67% |           3      2.50%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           2      1.67%     88.33% |           3      2.50%     90.83% |           2      1.67%     92.50% |           3      2.50%     95.00% |           5      4.17%     99.17% |           1      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          77      4.14%      4.14% |          71      3.82%      7.95% |          61      3.28%     11.23% |          52      2.79%     14.02% |          55      2.96%     16.98% |          58      3.12%     20.10% |          59      3.17%     23.27% |          55      2.96%     26.22% |          74      3.98%     30.20% |          61      3.28%     33.48% |          74      3.98%     37.45% |          56      3.01%     40.46% |          57      3.06%     43.52% |          59      3.17%     46.70% |          58      3.12%     49.81% |          55      2.96%     52.77% |          56      3.01%     55.78% |          53      2.85%     58.62% |          50      2.69%     61.31% |          53      2.85%     64.16% |          54      2.90%     67.06% |          51      2.74%     69.80% |          56      3.01%     72.81% |          58      3.12%     75.93% |          56      3.01%     78.94% |          55      2.96%     81.89% |          54      2.90%     84.79% |          56      3.01%     87.80% |          53      2.85%     90.65% |          52      2.79%     93.44% |          56      3.01%     96.45% |          66      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         566      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.81%      6.19% |         466      2.79%      8.98% |         466      2.79%     11.77% |         512      3.06%     14.83% |         470      2.81%     17.65% |         509      3.05%     20.69% |         532      3.18%     23.88% |         550      3.29%     27.17% |         488      2.92%     30.09% |         537      3.21%     33.30% |         568      3.40%     36.70% |         623      3.73%     40.43% |         565      3.38%     43.81% |         580      3.47%     47.28% |         524      3.14%     50.42% |         535      3.20%     53.62% |         573      3.43%     57.05% |         567      3.39%     60.44% |         509      3.05%     63.49% |         506      3.03%     66.51% |         523      3.13%     69.64% |         485      2.90%     72.55% |         472      2.82%     75.37% |         548      3.28%     78.65% |         594      3.55%     82.20% |         535      3.20%     85.40% |         480      2.87%     88.28% |         490      2.93%     91.21% |         510      3.05%     94.26% |         490      2.93%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18691      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7087      3.01%     13.94% |        7033      2.98%     16.92% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7035      2.98%     34.75% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.96%     40.72% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.62% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6998      2.97%     55.54% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6982      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.35% |        6994      2.97%     73.31% |        6987      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6964      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7024      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         547      3.27%      3.27% |         471      2.82%      6.09% |         466      2.79%      8.88% |         466      2.79%     11.67% |         512      3.06%     14.73% |         468      2.80%     17.54% |         507      3.03%     20.57% |         532      3.18%     23.75% |         551      3.30%     27.05% |         490      2.93%     29.98% |         536      3.21%     33.19% |         568      3.40%     36.59% |         623      3.73%     40.32% |         565      3.38%     43.70% |         582      3.48%     47.18% |         526      3.15%     50.33% |         537      3.21%     53.55% |         574      3.44%     56.98% |         566      3.39%     60.37% |         513      3.07%     63.44% |         508      3.04%     66.48% |         524      3.14%     69.62% |         483      2.89%     72.51% |         471      2.82%     75.32% |         547      3.27%     78.60% |         595      3.56%     82.16% |         534      3.20%     85.36% |         482      2.88%     88.24% |         493      2.95%     91.19% |         512      3.06%     94.25% |         492      2.94%     97.20% |         468      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40418      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.26% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173155      8.48%      8.48% |       64263      3.15%     11.63% |       58759      2.88%     14.51% |       58462      2.86%     17.37% |       57800      2.83%     20.20% |       56505      2.77%     22.97% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55300      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.27% |       57722      2.83%     34.10% |       60646      2.97%     37.07% |       60210      2.95%     40.02% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56448      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59096      2.89%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.90% |       59886      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63097      3.09%     68.89% |       64328      3.15%     72.04% |       60552      2.97%     75.01% |       61149      3.00%     78.01% |       62476      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61421      3.01%     87.05% |       64096      3.14%     90.19% |       61915      3.03%     93.23% |       70028      3.43%     96.66% |       68236      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      587509     24.39%     24.39% |     1204518     50.00%     74.39% |       76965      3.19%     77.58% |       77497      3.22%     80.80% |       76987      3.20%     84.00% |       77367      3.21%     87.21% |       79350      3.29%     90.50% |       75270      3.12%     93.63% |       76697      3.18%     96.81% |       76876      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2409036                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      587509     24.39%     24.39% |     1204518     50.00%     74.39% |       76965      3.19%     77.58% |       77497      3.22%     80.80% |       76987      3.20%     84.00% |       77367      3.21%     87.21% |       79350      3.29%     90.50% |       75270      3.12%     93.63% |       76697      3.18%     96.81% |       76876      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2409036                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      587509     24.39%     24.39% |     1204518     50.00%     74.39% |       76965      3.19%     77.58% |       77497      3.22%     80.80% |       76987      3.20%     84.00% |       77367      3.21%     87.21% |       79350      3.29%     90.50% |       75270      3.12%     93.63% |       76697      3.18%     96.81% |       76876      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2409036                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      587509     24.39%     24.39% |     1204518     50.00%     74.39% |       76965      3.19%     77.58% |       77497      3.22%     80.80% |       76987      3.20%     84.00% |       77367      3.21%     87.21% |       79350      3.29%     90.50% |       75270      3.12%     93.63% |       76697      3.18%     96.81% |       76876      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2409036                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
