
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.035836                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35835787000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5212003865500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29113                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53228                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48106539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4739040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   744.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    21687205                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      39651077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4964544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4964544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3961152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3961152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    138535928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            138535928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    110536208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           110536208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    249072136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           249072136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77571                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61893                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77571                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61893                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4963136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3960960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4964544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3961152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      320                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      717                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  35835294500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77571                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61893                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  49859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  11125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  10516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  11969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   1295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   1265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        57723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.585451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.107040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.958522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        32430     56.18%     56.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13645     23.64%     79.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7142     12.37%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1719      2.98%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1003      1.74%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          574      0.99%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          385      0.67%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          279      0.48%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          546      0.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        57723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.257769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.089478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10678     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        10684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.792774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.569844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.099090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9727     91.04%     91.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           523      4.90%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          220      2.06%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          214      2.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        10684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3306466685                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4760510435                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 387745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    42637.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               61387.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      138.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      110.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   138.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   110.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   50921                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  30785                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                65.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    256950.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8404454250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1196520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    26231976250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              217221480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              219141720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              118523625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              119571375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             304855200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             299925600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199123920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201890880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        13950100485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13488126885                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9262619250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9667859250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          26392837080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          26336908830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.559724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.998903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4879744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4879744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3884608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3884608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    136169578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            136169578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    108400242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           108400242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    244569821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           244569821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76247                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60697                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60697                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4878912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3884352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4879808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3884608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      246                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      942                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  35835139500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76247                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60697                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  49289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  10244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   1290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   1542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        55808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.002294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.110660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.514393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        31167     55.85%     55.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13149     23.56%     79.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6932     12.42%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1735      3.11%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          996      1.78%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          583      1.04%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          409      0.73%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          254      0.46%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          583      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        55808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.289977                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.162803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10451     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        10456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.804610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.568987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.180032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9550     91.34%     91.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           441      4.22%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          199      1.90%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          266      2.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        10456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3282388404                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4711757154                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    43057.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               61807.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      136.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      108.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   136.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   108.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   50238                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  30869                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                65.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    261677.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8761775500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1196520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    25874300750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              211589280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              210266280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              115450500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              114728625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300463800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             293997600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195689520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197536320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        13827411405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13085102115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9370241250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10021389750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          26361238875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          26263413810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.677895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.947836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    136187437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            136187437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    108418102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           108418102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    244605539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           244605539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60707                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60707                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      151                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      875                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  35835544500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60707                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  49354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   5404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  10250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   1356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   1513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        55849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.914537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.084750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.362568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        31226     55.91%     55.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13095     23.45%     79.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7023     12.57%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1657      2.97%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1000      1.79%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          604      1.08%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          410      0.73%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          248      0.44%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          586      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        55849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.282480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.221898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10463     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        10468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.799102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.562990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.184053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9554     91.27%     91.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           461      4.40%     95.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          183      1.75%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          270      2.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        10468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3175339311                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4604839311                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    41649.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               60399.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      136.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      108.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   136.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   108.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   50197                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  30892                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                65.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               50.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    261643.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   59.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8744609750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1196520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    25891466500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              211778280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              210409920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              115553625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              114807000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300448200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294114600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195708960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197627040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        13709157210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13218804450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9473973000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1         9904107000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          26347012395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          26280263130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          735.280869                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.418060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4855552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4855552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3877696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3877696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    135494499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            135494499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    108207363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           108207363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    243701861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           243701861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75870                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60589                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75870                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60589                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4855104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3877504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4855680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3877696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      244                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      833                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  35835036000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75870                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60589                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  48911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   5487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  10238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   1286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        55449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.476312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.171051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.623617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        31062     56.02%     56.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12915     23.29%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6834     12.32%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1799      3.24%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1003      1.81%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          586      1.06%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          399      0.72%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          245      0.44%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          606      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        55449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.257463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.254107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10446     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        10452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.796594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.561898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.176491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9550     91.37%     91.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           453      4.33%     95.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          182      1.74%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          267      2.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        10452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3263636643                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4686030393                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    43021.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               61771.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      135.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      108.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   135.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   108.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   50054                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30939                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                65.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               51.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    262606.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8745168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1196520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    25890908250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              209124720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              210031920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              114105750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              114600750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298357800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293248800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195138720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197426160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2340393120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13667263065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13184615565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9510722250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1         9934097250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          26335105425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          26274413565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.948574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          733.254813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4823                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              429148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1816500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7105752                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 30.475339                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.090747                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                27.305384                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7038236     99.05%     99.05% |       51851      0.73%     99.78% |        8463      0.12%     99.90% |        3484      0.05%     99.95% |        1797      0.03%     99.97% |        1010      0.01%     99.99% |         601      0.01%    100.00% |         231      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7105752                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15040060                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.040353                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.769573                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.390163                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    13625688     90.60%     90.60% |     1302798      8.66%     99.26% |       74537      0.50%     99.75% |       19014      0.13%     99.88% |        7782      0.05%     99.93% |        4668      0.03%     99.96% |        2841      0.02%     99.98% |        2036      0.01%    100.00% |         696      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15040060                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15040055                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              16.054893                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.254262                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.384334                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15004216     99.76%     99.76% |       30489      0.20%     99.96% |        4048      0.03%     99.99% |        1011      0.01%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15040055                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        13583371                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001909                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001646                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.043970                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13557622     99.81%     99.81% |       25565      0.19%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          13583371                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1456684                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        137.772105                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       109.954338                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       137.079528                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1420845     97.54%     97.54% |       30489      2.09%     99.63% |        4048      0.28%     99.91% |        1011      0.07%     99.98% |         254      0.02%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1456684                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         531649                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       531649                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7560169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       288989                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7849158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5297310                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5420367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       368821                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15946                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       159669                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318892                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39906                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44066                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        57508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       101574                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         2908                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        43099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       102625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         2638                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44632                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        70807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       115439                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         9142                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        71712                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       121003                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         8760                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        46598                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        70972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117570                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         9302                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         9424                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        43241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        61140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       104381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         8383                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        45606                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        56190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       101796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         3584                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        42511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        65649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         8962                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        43208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       110317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         8634                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44337                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       104054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         3935                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        41773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        65935                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       107708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         8692                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        40774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       101765                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         8340                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        43924                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        68485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       112409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         9468                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        47670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        69806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         9629                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        64657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         8911                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27672                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73919                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19437                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        45354                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25942                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        46189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20448                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        46316                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        26235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        44648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18557                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        43355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        43730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        26257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        45471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        44327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        44295                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25820                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25984                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17654                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        26176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        46303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25768                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        43602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        43216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18284                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        26159                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        44443                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25909                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        44365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17661                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        43500                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18905                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25724                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44629                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        26143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25819                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        45131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        44758                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        46086                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25734                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        26178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        44503                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18326                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        44196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        43572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        43089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        26147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43883                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19648                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25937                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         6890                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      7395711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      7395711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7614742                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7395710                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3821875                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3807874                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      7395709                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.103189                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5112621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5112621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5426241                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5112621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3410582                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3341925                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5112621                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.071334                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3055223                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3055223                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3188269                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3055223                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1387905                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1383811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3055223                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.042628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2858157                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2858157                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2985328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2858157                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1379386                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1375109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2858157                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.039879                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3524246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3524246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3703953                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3524246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1841589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1834414                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3524246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.049172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3438458                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3438458                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3635875                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3438458                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1785979                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1776770                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3438458                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.047975                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4291327                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4291327                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4507393                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4291327                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1886149                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879867                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4291327                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.059875                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3661118                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3661118                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3877525                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3661118                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1841567                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1832514                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3661118                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.051082                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1954661                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1954661                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2010153                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1954661                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       938213                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       936693                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1954661                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.027272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2653115                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2653115                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2758957                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2653115                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1353766                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1350507                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2653115                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.037018                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2553879                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2553879                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2661464                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2553879                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1224200                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1221171                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2553879                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.035633                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1987283                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1987283                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2045575                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1987283                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       935765                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       933867                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1987283                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027728                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2620541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2620541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2706775                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2620541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1328260                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1325425                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2620541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.036563                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2380915                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2380915                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2491034                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2380915                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1123119                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1119987                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2380915                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.033220                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1758357                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1758357                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1813467                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1758357                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       849440                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       847825                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1758357                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.024534                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2470246                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2470246                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2621794                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2470246                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1191538                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1185942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2470246                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.034466                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3028135                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3028135                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3206220                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3028135                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1419255                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1412847                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3028135                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.042250                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2598583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2598583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2706778                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2598583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1286525                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1283419                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2598583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.036257                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1603321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1603321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1620617                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1603321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       751511                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       750857                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1603321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.022370                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1093896                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1093896                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1104200                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1093896                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       524145                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       523604                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1093896                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.015263                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       619103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       619103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       621009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       619103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       329766                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       329099                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       619103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008638                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       820420                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       820420                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       825568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       820420                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       444575                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       443800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       820420                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011447                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       759155                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       759155                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       764767                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       759155                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       399194                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398367                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       759155                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.010592                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       514114                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       514114                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       515677                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       514114                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       263211                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       262606                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       514114                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007173                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       574361                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       574361                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       576175                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       574361                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       281945                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       281317                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       574361                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008014                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       792628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       792628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       797618                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       792628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       425998                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       425224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       792628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011059                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       751152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       751152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       756650                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       751152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       389672                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       388864                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       751152                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.010480                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       525537                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       525537                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       527009                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       525537                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       266966                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       266293                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       525537                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007333                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2530448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2530448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2594803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2530447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1134807                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1133608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2530447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.035306                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2549086                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2549086                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2608779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2549086                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1128342                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1126862                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2549086                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035566                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3117635                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3117635                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3218096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3117635                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1414565                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1412423                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3117635                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043499                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2934640                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2934640                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3020084                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2934640                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1316600                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1314552                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2934639                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.040946                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5224293     27.93%     27.93% |    11385967     60.87%     88.80% |     2095206     11.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18705466                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5224295     27.93%     27.93% |    11385969     60.87%     88.80% |     2095206     11.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18705470                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   147924959                       |   312401237                       |    53212678                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    26301150                       |    61077939                       |     2438282                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   28.314828                       |   27.437392                       |   25.397349                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    5.034394                       |    5.364317                       |    1.163743                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.453947                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.801664                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         32.255612                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004314                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.088108      6.63%      6.63% |    0.088057      6.63%     13.26% |    0.087911      6.62%     19.87% |    0.087797      6.61%     26.48% |    0.204604     15.40%     41.88% |    0.203943     15.35%     57.23% |    0.204401     15.38%     72.61% |    0.203861     15.34%     87.95% |    0.040016      3.01%     90.97% |    0.040027      3.01%     93.98% |    0.040018      3.01%     96.99% |    0.040005      3.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.328749                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.033368                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023357                       |    0.000002                       |    0.005218                       |    0.005245                       |    0.006625                       |    0.006732                       |    0.006514                       |    0.006939                       |    0.005684                       |    0.005057                       |    0.006100                       |    0.006210                       |    0.005301                       |    0.006160                       |    0.005642                       |    0.006389                       |    0.006550                       |    0.006134                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005330                       |    0.002862                       |    0.002743                       |    0.002813                       |    0.002762                       |    0.002758                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002675                       |    0.002718                       |    0.002867                       |    0.002932                       |    0.002941                       |    0.002777                       |    0.002785                       |    0.002693                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002835                       |    0.002775                       |    0.002774                       |    0.002746                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002953                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002687                       |    0.002760                       |    0.002780                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002792                       |    0.002753                       |    0.002814                       |    0.002900                       |    0.003053                       |    0.006472                       |    0.006357                       |    0.006357                       |    0.006325                       |    0.000342                       |           0                       |    0.004245                       |    0.011713                       |    0.000474                       |    0.000516                       |    0.000481                       |    0.000529                       |    0.000492                       |    0.000544                       |    0.000421                       |    0.000446                       |    0.000423                       |    0.000448                       |    0.000478                       |    0.000438                       |    0.000400                       |    0.000428                       |    0.000457                       |    0.000493                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003203                       |    0.000347                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003055                       |    0.002033                       |    0.004709                       |    0.003190                       |    0.000421                       |    0.003411                       |    0.010044                       |    0.005497                       |           0                       |    0.003214                       |    0.005260                       |           0                       |    0.009160                       |    0.012377                       |    0.005294                       |    0.004477                       |    0.003197                       |    0.000474                       |    0.011379                       |    0.009994                       |    0.013107                       |    0.004633                       |    0.003233                       |    0.000516                       |    0.015044                       |    0.009249                       |    0.007204                       |           0                       |    0.003197                       |    0.005156                       |           0                       |    0.014368                       |    0.007990                       |    0.004855                       |    0.005027                       |    0.003326                       |    0.000448                       |    0.010702                       |    0.003230                       |    0.004996                       |           0                       |    0.003226                       |           0                       |    0.002760                       |    0.002028                       |           0                       |    0.003348                       |           0                       |    0.002172                       |    0.002953                       |    0.002974                       |    0.004353                       |    0.003219                       |    0.000446                       |    0.006234                       |    0.004480                       |    0.009522                       |    0.008764                       |    0.005333                       |    0.003212                       |    0.000481                       |    0.004658                       |    0.013577                       |    0.015129                       |    0.006782                       |    0.032943                       |    0.004854                       |    0.004245                       |    0.006772                       |    0.018944                       |    0.025283                       |    0.010150                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003266                       |    0.011713                       |    0.006942                       |    0.021894                       |    0.017385                       |    0.010131                       |    0.005273                       |    0.003177                       |    0.000529                       |    0.006445                       |    0.015735                       |    0.012243                       |    0.004573                       |    0.004626                       |    0.003221                       |    0.000478                       |    0.007380                       |    0.009813                       |    0.004431                       |    0.006614                       |           0                       |    0.003213                       |           0                       |    0.002025                       |    0.002780                       |    0.003041                       |           0                       |    0.003177                       |           0                       |    0.001982                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002708                       |    0.004939                       |    0.003298                       |    0.000423                       |    0.006621                       |    0.003555                       |    0.010097                       |    0.006699                       |           0                       |    0.003278                       |    0.005157                       |           0                       |    0.005544                       |    0.009714                       |    0.012731                       |    0.007075                       |    0.005296                       |    0.003153                       |    0.000492                       |    0.020127                       |    0.012774                       |    0.010678                       |    0.007354                       |    0.005418                       |    0.003151                       |    0.000544                       |    0.008536                       |    0.015998                       |    0.010489                       |    0.006947                       |           0                       |    0.003365                       |    0.005139                       |           0                       |    0.005905                       |    0.014449                       |    0.009319                       |    0.002769                       |    0.004994                       |    0.003191                       |    0.000438                       |    0.007988                       |    0.010452                       |    0.003393                       |    0.002762                       |           0                       |    0.003178                       |           0                       |    0.001819                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002767                       |           0                       |    0.003149                       |           0                       |    0.001338                       |    0.002687                       |    0.004683                       |    0.003141                       |    0.000400                       |    0.004974                       |    0.001778                       |    0.009557                       |    0.005139                       |    0.003166                       |    0.000428                       |    0.004588                       |    0.006412                       |    0.014733                       |    0.005162                       |    0.003277                       |    0.000457                       |    0.011285                       |    0.008301                       |    0.013768                       |    0.004862                       |    0.003186                       |    0.000493                       |    0.005666                       |    0.010321                       |    0.011730                       |           0                       |    0.003214                       |           0                       |    0.006054                       |    0.006141                       |    0.006962                       |           0                       |    0.003204                       |           0                       |    0.005188                       |    0.005097                       |    0.001773                       |           0                       |    0.003209                       |           0                       |    0.001331                       |    0.002792                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.328749                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5186693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5186693                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3781889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3193167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.433123                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          356093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8873013                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45171                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4653142                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20674                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8918184                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         4673816                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13526155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65845                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13592000                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5427180                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9484                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5436664                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5427180                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9484                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5436664                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 67898352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19198665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               27505343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5186693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3549260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              43951377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       151589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       210805                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309773                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5426544                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3823                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     64264283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.796639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.156634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         54935863     85.48%     85.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           913599      1.42%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           551916      0.86%     87.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           962783      1.50%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1294278      2.01%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           558543      0.87%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           537697      0.84%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           983214      1.53%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3526390      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     64264283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.076389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.405096                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15479253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      40663014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6465332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1358122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       48773576                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16054686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        25318667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4833076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7116332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      10642960                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       47846975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2874077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     56491789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     111897118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     68505457                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      46689857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9801904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133674                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135632                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts           8641436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4640480                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      4840663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       834033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       700279                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           46701234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       261248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          49039977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143072                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7094363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11433942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48902                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     64264283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.763098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.451133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     44577437     69.37%     69.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7105045     11.06%     80.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      4905859      7.63%     88.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2611360      4.06%     92.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2826622      4.40%     96.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1082383      1.68%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692160      1.08%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289565      0.45%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173852      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     64264283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95279     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601826     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66307      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165361      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      35101917     71.58%     71.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22622      0.05%     71.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.11%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8997259     18.35%     90.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4700439      9.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       49039977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.722256                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.015567                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    163250656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     54063351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43662966                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       49637996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       885165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2627                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6946                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       395844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5298997                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4423543                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17889773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     46962482                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4640480                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4840663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       252127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          72696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6946                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124431                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      48649894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8862465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13519621                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4119087                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4657156                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.716511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               43725476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              43662986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          28460512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          44209700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.643064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.643762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7283846                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       212346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279026                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     63113067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.628255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.556882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     48148269     76.29%     76.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7422305     11.76%     88.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1770779      2.81%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2061438      3.27%     94.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       662373      1.05%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954441      1.51%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       693994      1.10%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278508      0.44%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1120960      1.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     63113067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     21687204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       39651074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                7975042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3530231                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3782401                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39360348                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       281371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81870      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     31521754     79.50%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21407      0.05%     79.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.13%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3530231      8.90%     88.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4444811     11.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     39651074                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1120960                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            108869008                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            95025590                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3634069                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            21687204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              39651074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.130802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.130802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.319407                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.319407                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         70648762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        34645944                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20235758                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16238108                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        22229997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2699029000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2699029000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3172377                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        31.609657                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.924143                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       33.757419                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3125305     98.52%     98.52% |       37544      1.18%     99.70% |        4152      0.13%     99.83% |        2211      0.07%     99.90% |        1406      0.04%     99.94% |         893      0.03%     99.97% |         560      0.02%     99.99% |         227      0.01%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3172377                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3080640                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        30.367296                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.744851                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       22.574440                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3060196     99.34%     99.34% |       14307      0.46%     99.80% |        4311      0.14%     99.94% |        1273      0.04%     99.98% |         391      0.01%     99.99% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3080640                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        852735                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.645723                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.433585                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.625619                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      114089     13.38%     13.38% |      450694     52.85%     66.23% |      259788     30.47%     96.70% |       26080      3.06%     99.76% |        1884      0.22%     99.98% |         170      0.02%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          852735                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4251295                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           23.670165                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.964824                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          79.413460                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4226600     99.42%     99.42% |       22197      0.52%     99.94% |        1881      0.04%     99.99% |         517      0.01%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4251295                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3662787                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000796                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000686                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.028440                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3659893     99.92%     99.92% |        2872      0.08%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3662787                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       588508                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     152.313263                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    114.013573                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    162.324426                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      563813     95.80%     95.80% |       22197      3.77%     99.58% |        1881      0.32%     99.90% |         517      0.09%     99.98% |          89      0.02%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        588508                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5240330                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           21.670965                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           5.013751                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          64.953602                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5229412     99.79%     99.79% |        8067      0.15%     99.95% |        2166      0.04%     99.99% |         494      0.01%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5240330                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4503062                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005087                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004387                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.071653                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4480317     99.49%     99.49% |       22583      0.50%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4503062                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       737268                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     135.677819                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    114.438640                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    121.909171                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      726350     98.52%     98.52% |        8067      1.09%     99.61% |        2166      0.29%     99.91% |         494      0.07%     99.97% |         165      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        737268                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5420364                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.831254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.226862                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.552652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5407743     99.77%     99.77% |       10561      0.19%     99.96% |        1810      0.03%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5420364                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5297310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000614                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5297308    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5297310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.664269                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.414806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.494278                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110433     89.74%     89.74% |       10561      8.58%     98.33% |        1810      1.47%     99.80% |          49      0.04%     99.84% |          83      0.07%     99.90% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          24      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123054                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126760                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.527540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667480                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.710431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125481     98.99%     98.99% |        1001      0.79%     99.78% |         247      0.19%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126760                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118934                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030121                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118826     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118934                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7826                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.517378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.366544                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    70.138605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6547     83.66%     83.66% |        1001     12.79%     96.45% |         247      3.16%     99.60% |           7      0.09%     99.69% |          12      0.15%     99.85% |          10      0.13%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7826                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12738                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       329592                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       291487                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     8943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    12268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    78525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    10043                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    12271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    78522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     8845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    12270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    92190                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     9593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   12270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   96980                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    8856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   12270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   94288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    9101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   12271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  103251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    8611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   12264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   81595                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    9099                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   12263                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   78553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    8811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   12251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   84914                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   12250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   87588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    8959                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   12256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   80933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    8208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                   12250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   85162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    8208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                   12253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   79292                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    8222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                   12251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   89646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    8851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   12256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   94068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    8728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   12252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   94411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                     88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1564                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                    87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                    87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1931                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   331                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                    87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   313                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   349                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   365                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                    96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                  1640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                  1772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   322                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                   103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                  2051                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                    96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                  2062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    27140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    26134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    34573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   35245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   35180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   37597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   30546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     673                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   28025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   32612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                     519                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   33220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                     567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                   28588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                     536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                   32136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                   30230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                     536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                      26                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                   34730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                     557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      23                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                   36260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                     572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                   34573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 9316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                12356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                80089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                10448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                12358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                80006                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 9172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                12357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                94096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 9952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               12357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               98880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                9180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               12357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               96219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                9432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               12358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              105175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                8924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               12359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               83284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                9448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               12356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               80179                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                9176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               86818                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               89483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                9316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               82573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                8536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               87006                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                8532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses               12355                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               81064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                8544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses               12354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               91697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                9180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               96130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                9056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               96219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  249081                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140496680163865                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140496681151161                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  247603                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  186518                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31924849                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               390616179                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               390566495                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               391510018                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               390606382                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              390548466                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              391491971                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              390619813                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              390572347                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              391553516                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              390596586                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              390554018                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              391528625                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              390649635                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              390620099                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              391600429                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              390646514                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              390598680                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              391622664                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              390667488                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              390625149                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              391595736                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              390639548                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              390604465                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              391548578                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              390632107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              390650019                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              391619970                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              390704107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              390674796                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              391609314                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              390750277                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              390720340                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              391721967                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              390731747                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              390700401                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              391708833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              390727738                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              390678856                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              391652460                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              390697482                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              390658986                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              391675257                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    6104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10244                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   40057                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    6840                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   10246                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   40018                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    6004                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10245                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   47064                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6520                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  10245                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  49456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   6012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10245                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  48123                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   6176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  10246                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  52603                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   5844                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  10247                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  41656                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   6192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  10244                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  40103                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6008                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  43418                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   5676                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  44755                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   6104                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                  41301                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   5588                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  43518                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                   5584                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                  10243                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  40544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   5596                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                  10242                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  45861                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   6012                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                  48078                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   5932                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  48123                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   3212                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  40032                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   3608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  39988                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  47032                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   3432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 49424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 48096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  3256                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 52572                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  3080                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 41628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  3256                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 40076                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 43400                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  2992                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 44728                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  3212                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                 41272                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  2948                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                 43488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  2948                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                 40520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  2948                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                 45836                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                 48052                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  3124                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                 48096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 5957                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                10197                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                38493                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 6680                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                10199                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                38534                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 5867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                10198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                45158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6378                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               10198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               47556                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                5877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               10198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               46192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                6037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               10199                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               50679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                5725                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               10192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               39967                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                6053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               10193                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               38477                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                5858                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               10179                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               41514                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                5547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               10178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               42860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                5964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               10185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits               39661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                5456                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits               10178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               41674                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                5465                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits               10181                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               38772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                5462                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits               10180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               43810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                5884                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               10185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits               46016                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                5800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits               10180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               46315                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1564                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1484                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1906                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                142                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1900                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1931                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1924                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              1689                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1626                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              1904                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1895                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses              1640                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses              1844                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses              1772                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses              2051                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses              2062                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses              1808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2986                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               40032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                3363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               39988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2978                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               47032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3215                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              49424                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2979                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              48096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               3064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              52572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               2886                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              41628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               2070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              40076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               2953                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              43400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               2812                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              44728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               2995                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               2071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits              41272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               2752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits              43488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               2743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits              40520                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               2760                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               2071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits              45836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               2967                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               2071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits              48052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               2928                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits              48096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               226                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              192                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              210                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              215                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              196                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses              205                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              188                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              201                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses              196                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       73                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       82                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      150                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       78                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     156                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     150                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     155                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      70                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      74                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     137                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                     140                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      68                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                     146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                      73                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                     140                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      67                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                     142                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      67                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                     135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      67                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                     147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                     149                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                      71                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                     150                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                1096551                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                1402643                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2611563                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1104775                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                1401760                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2605275                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                1104472                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1403013                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2583089                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                1096771                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               1392947                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2599609                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1110043                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               1393327                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2579032                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1100806                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               1404261                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2593724                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               1097309                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1508357                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2590122                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               1094641                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1468416                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2573436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               1100772                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               1500632                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2586812                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1102732                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               1507799                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2587700                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               1106436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1433627                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               2612084                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               1106831                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles               1476709                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               2579672                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               1102254                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1554966                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               2583602                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               1095610                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles               1487365                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               2606057                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles               1108844                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               1451888                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               2579392                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles               1095321                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               1451445                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               2591851                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1168                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1088                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1312                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1080                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    1200                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    1248                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   1248                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   1152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   1200                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   1184                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   1240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   1120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   1088                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   1184                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   1096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                   1152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                   1120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                   1088                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                   1168                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                   1168                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                   1120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                   1072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                   1136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                   1072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                   1080                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                   1072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                   1176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                   1152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                   1192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                   1136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                   1200                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                760941                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1300556                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2417664                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                806157                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1299694                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2430461                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                768450                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1300999                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2366956                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                767753                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1292957                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2381255                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               817372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1291733                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2363085                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles               811976                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              1303172                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              2381929                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               701079                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1397362                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2389349                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               716445                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1362967                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              2374565                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               766952                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              1390048                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2363747                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               787006                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              1400114                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              2356878                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               816332                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1325927                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              2401901                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles               784369                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles              1371797                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              2373838                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles               784557                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1441465                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              2377444                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               754720                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles              1378611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              2387640                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               781677                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1345436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              2352409                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles               754929                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              1352215                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              2372941                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              64830                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              90304                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              73595                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles              89652                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              62747                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              99600                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              68374                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            103584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             62480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             99600                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles             64271                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            102920                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             62274                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             90304                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles             65518                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles             90968                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             63432                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             92961                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles             59255                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             96944                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             63439                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             92960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles             58567                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles             94288                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             58935                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             89640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             58638                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles             97608                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             63817                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             98936                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles             62941                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles             99614                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1172063                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               777988                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              1692969                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1135691                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               760493                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1626789                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              1165469                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               782320                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              1666796                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              1159957                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              761449                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             1655920                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             1125032                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              785220                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             1667005                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             1111759                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              762663                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             1653117                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             1253666                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              839860                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             1713840                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             1222014                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              803017                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             1698652                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             1169068                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              826996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             1731782                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             1152431                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              813169                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             1710010                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             1122845                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              783247                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles             1704590                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles             1152395                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              808714                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles             1673236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles             1152490                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              859522                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             1724601                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles             1188945                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              821409                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             1750774                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles             1194718                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              803425                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles             1726463                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles             1171226                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              778378                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles             1686910                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           760941                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1300556                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2417664                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           806157                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1299694                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2430461                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           768450                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1300999                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2366956                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           767753                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1292957                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2381255                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          817372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1291733                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2363085                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time          811976                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         1303172                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         2381929                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          701079                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1397362                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2389349                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          716445                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1362967                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         2374565                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          766952                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         1390048                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2363747                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          787006                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         1400114                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         2356878                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          816332                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1325927                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         2401901                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time          784369                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time         1371797                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         2373838                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time          784557                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1441465                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         2377444                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          754720                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time         1378611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         2387640                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          781677                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1345436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         2352409                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time          754929                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         1352215                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         2372941                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         59121                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         90220                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         66473                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time         89548                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         58957                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         99537                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         63502                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       103521                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        59262                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        99498                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time        61135                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       102838                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        56518                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        90255                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time        59838                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time        90835                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        58636                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        92877                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time        55705                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        96837                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        60105                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        92827                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time        54999                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time        94204                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        54620                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        89586                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        54783                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time        97479                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        58180                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        98764                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time        57438                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time        99519                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          860914                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          777988                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1654613                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          864888                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          760493                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1599093                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          867613                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          782320                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1631798                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          857955                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         761449                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1638532                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         881200                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         785220                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1632937                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         854501                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         762663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        1631373                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         885671                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         839860                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        1682644                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         875816                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         803017                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        1637985                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         873748                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         826996                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        1668797                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         876632                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         813169                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        1649100                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         865725                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         783247                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time        1625580                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         866334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         808714                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time        1649574                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         870671                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         859522                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time        1694086                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         872360                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         821409                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time        1691576                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         882058                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         803425                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time        1650869                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         859688                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         778378                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time        1664630                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            1090621                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            1394195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2600646                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1097233                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            1393312                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2594748                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            1098658                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1394565                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2571269                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            1090824                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           1384499                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2587314                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1104415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           1384879                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2567471                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1094640                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           1395813                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2581452                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           1091663                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1499909                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2579668                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           1089270                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1459968                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2563317                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           1095180                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           1492184                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2576539                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1097682                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           1499351                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2576988                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           1100843                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1425179                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           2601277                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           1101388                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time           1468261                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           2568840                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           1096842                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1546518                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           2573775                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           1090606                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time           1478917                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           2595009                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time           1103049                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           1443440                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           2568375                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time           1089548                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           1442997                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           2580697                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              4446                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              6394                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles               919                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              6022                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             11730                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles            395115                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1047                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles           395484                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles            11701                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             5850                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1202                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles           298974                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles            11903                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles            34988                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             9376                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             2306                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles            11947                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles              538                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles            11671                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1207                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles            10909                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles            10247                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles            11560                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles            26680                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles             7553                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles            21760                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1251                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles             6771                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles            11636                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles             5530                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles            11482                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles             1326                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          70109189                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          67483400                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          70109185                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          67483387                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368625                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          70109191                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          67496207                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         70109187                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         67495834                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368637                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         70109196                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         67483406                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         70109192                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         67489335                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368672                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         70109208                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         67484059                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368497                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         70109204                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         67483284                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles         66368569                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles         70109213                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         67483290                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles         66368608                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles         70109209                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles         67483287                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles         66368647                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         70109205                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles         67483545                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles         66368708                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles         70109211                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles         67483866                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         66368517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles         70109225                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles         67483951                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles         66368510                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles         70109221                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         67483455                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles         66368567                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles         70109217                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles         67483438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles         66368682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         70109213                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles         67483290                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1032219                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1402675                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2189897                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          1036690                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1401720                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2184368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1049666                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          1403059                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2156631                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1037485                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1392902                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2170874                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1048738                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1393340                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2152653                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         1030309                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1404206                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2161420                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1031757                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         1508483                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2169356                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1019726                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1468486                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2150330                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1027523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1500791                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2161309                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         1042627                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1507875                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2161393                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1046566                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         1433644                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         2190561                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         1042672                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         1476787                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2156287                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         1047486                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         1555029                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         2166408                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         1033532                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         1487477                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         2181754                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         1046809                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         1451990                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         2150152                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         1026974                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         1451446                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2162612                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              556                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              579                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               87                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              202                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               87                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              520                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              208                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0               81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0               81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0              553                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0               86                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             13960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             14850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             13817                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2790                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            15507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            14291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            16320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            12273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             2060                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            13192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2433                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1            12172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2431                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1            12879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             2577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1            13832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             2356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1            12688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             2341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1            11562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             2366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             2060                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1            12618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             2571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             2063                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1            13301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             2506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1            14784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              8750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              3405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              9934                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              9442                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              3288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            10225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             2783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             9545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             2910                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            10602                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             2237                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2697                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             7554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             2414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             2754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             8029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2256                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             2722                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             7663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             2768                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             8458                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             2874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             9063                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2             2377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             8165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             2125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2693                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2             6930                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2             2706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             7775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             2460                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             2726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             8596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2             2848                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             2852                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             9209                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             255                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             960                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           10103                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             101                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             276                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            8619                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles              66                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             975                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            9010                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             126                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            514                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           7398                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            987                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           9406                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles             81                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           8732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            650                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           2298                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles           6954                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            371                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1525                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles          12449                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            387                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles           2505                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           9498                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles             76                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           2820                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          12098                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles            136                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           2797                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           9398                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles            239                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           2829                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles           9720                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles            637                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           2888                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           8623                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            133                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles           2830                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          13178                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles            375                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles           2804                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles          11773                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles            356                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles           2258                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles           7298                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77545     25.35%     25.35% |       76247     24.92%     50.27% |       76256     24.93%     75.20% |       75870     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       305918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       55983     25.42%     25.42% |       54780     24.88%     50.30% |       54787     24.88%     75.18% |       54666     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220216                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77571     25.35%     25.35% |       76246     24.92%     50.28% |       76256     24.93%     75.20% |       75868     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       305941                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61893     25.38%     25.38% |       60697     24.89%     50.27% |       60707     24.89%     75.16% |       60589     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13370     25.26%     25.26% |       13275     25.08%     50.34% |       13277     25.08%     75.42% |       13012     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77545     25.35%     25.35% |       76247     24.92%     50.27% |       76256     24.93%     75.20% |       75870     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       305918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55726     25.40%     25.40% |       54585     24.88%     50.28% |       54595     24.89%     75.17% |       54477     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13370     25.26%     25.26% |       13275     25.08%     50.34% |       13277     25.08%     75.42% |       13012     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77545     25.35%     25.35% |       76246     24.92%     50.27% |       76256     24.93%     75.20% |       75868     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       305915                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55726     25.40%     25.40% |       54585     24.88%     50.28% |       54595     24.89%     75.17% |       54477     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3279469     77.11%     77.11% |          38      0.00%     77.11% |       56317      1.32%     78.44% |       57011      1.34%     79.78% |       63218      1.49%     81.27% |       66126      1.55%     82.82% |       64290      1.51%     84.33% |       68931      1.62%     85.95% |       57656      1.36%     87.31% |       56449      1.33%     88.64% |       59585      1.40%     90.04% |       60581      1.42%     91.46% |       57553      1.35%     92.81% |       59253      1.39%     94.21% |       56284      1.32%     95.53% |       61611      1.45%     96.98% |       64241      1.51%     98.49% |       64205      1.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4252818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5420423    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5420423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4571339     85.15%     85.15% |           0      0.00%     85.15% |       45257      0.84%     85.99% |       45614      0.85%     86.84% |       52221      0.97%     87.82% |       54877      1.02%     88.84% |       53280      0.99%     89.83% |       57848      1.08%     90.91% |       46725      0.87%     91.78% |       45347      0.84%     92.62% |       48575      0.90%     93.53% |       49736      0.93%     94.45% |       46501      0.87%     95.32% |       48455      0.90%     96.22% |       45481      0.85%     97.07% |       50798      0.95%     98.02% |       53235      0.99%     99.01% |       53236      0.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      5368525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13356      4.02%      4.02% |          38      0.01%      4.03% |       20494      6.17%     10.21% |       21061      6.34%     16.55% |       21088      6.35%     22.90% |       18457      5.56%     28.46% |       19798      5.96%     34.43% |       18906      5.69%     40.12% |       20682      6.23%     46.35% |       19078      5.75%     52.10% |       19505      5.88%     57.97% |       19930      6.00%     63.98% |       20228      6.09%     70.07% |       20526      6.18%     76.25% |       20385      6.14%     82.40% |       20346      6.13%     88.52% |       18881      5.69%     94.21% |       19217      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       331976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410293     55.57%     55.57% |           0      0.00%     55.57% |       19775      2.68%     58.25% |       20452      2.77%     61.02% |       21088      2.86%     63.88% |       21986      2.98%     66.86% |       21405      2.90%     69.76% |       22449      3.04%     72.80% |       19506      2.64%     75.44% |       19595      2.65%     78.09% |       20189      2.73%     80.83% |       20161      2.73%     83.56% |       20259      2.74%     86.30% |       19927      2.70%     89.00% |       19310      2.62%     91.62% |       20360      2.76%     94.38% |       20782      2.81%     97.19% |       20745      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       738282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12585      4.46%      4.46% |       13154      4.67%      9.13% |       20264      7.19%     16.32% |       21272      7.55%     23.87% |       21014      7.45%     31.32% |       22368      7.93%     39.25% |       15420      5.47%     44.73% |       13181      4.68%     49.40% |       18179      6.45%     55.85% |       18739      6.65%     62.50% |       14340      5.09%     67.58% |       17881      6.34%     73.93% |       15376      5.45%     79.38% |       19561      6.94%     86.32% |       20981      7.44%     93.76% |       17578      6.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       281893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       12650      5.30%      5.31% |       11816      4.95%     10.26% |       16896      7.07%     17.33% |       17190      7.20%     24.53% |       15858      6.64%     31.16% |       17771      7.44%     38.60% |       14203      5.95%     44.55% |       11681      4.89%     49.44% |       15128      6.33%     55.77% |       15420      6.46%     62.23% |       12020      5.03%     67.26% |       15616      6.54%     73.80% |       13973      5.85%     79.65% |       16001      6.70%     86.35% |       16536      6.92%     93.27% |       16076      6.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       238866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1320      6.53%      6.53% |        1432      7.09%     13.62% |        1697      8.40%     22.02% |        1259      6.23%     28.26% |        1794      8.88%     37.14% |         948      4.69%     41.83% |         873      4.32%     46.15% |        1158      5.73%     51.88% |         921      4.56%     56.44% |        1115      5.52%     61.96% |        1589      7.87%     69.83% |        1327      6.57%     76.40% |        1009      4.99%     81.39% |        1186      5.87%     87.26% |        1267      6.27%     93.53% |        1306      6.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        20201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141714     54.83%     54.83% |          10      0.00%     54.83% |        6653      2.57%     57.40% |        6536      2.53%     59.93% |        7945      3.07%     63.01% |        7980      3.09%     66.09% |        7527      2.91%     69.00% |        7425      2.87%     71.88% |        6880      2.66%     74.54% |        6852      2.65%     77.19% |        7379      2.85%     80.04% |        7489      2.90%     82.94% |        6906      2.67%     85.61% |        7233      2.80%     88.41% |        6945      2.69%     91.10% |        7705      2.98%     94.08% |        7652      2.96%     97.04% |        7652      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       258483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |       13646      5.71%      5.72% |       15387      6.44%     12.17% |       15871      6.64%     18.81% |       15239      6.38%     25.19% |       16273      6.81%     32.00% |       15915      6.66%     38.67% |       13458      5.63%     44.30% |       13394      5.61%     49.91% |       15056      6.30%     56.21% |       15769      6.60%     62.81% |       14752      6.18%     68.99% |       14945      6.26%     75.24% |       14093      5.90%     81.14% |       15643      6.55%     87.69% |       15644      6.55%     94.24% |       13753      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       238866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270308     37.62%     37.62% |           0      0.00%     37.62% |       26378      3.67%     41.29% |       26712      3.72%     45.01% |       29451      4.10%     49.10% |       29101      4.05%     53.15% |       28917      4.02%     57.18% |       30773      4.28%     61.46% |       28767      4.00%     65.46% |       25312      3.52%     68.99% |       28265      3.93%     72.92% |       27742      3.86%     76.78% |       26303      3.66%     80.44% |       28481      3.96%     84.40% |       27558      3.84%     88.24% |       28734      4.00%     92.24% |       28267      3.93%     96.17% |       27510      3.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       718579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11829      4.37%      4.37% |       11762      4.35%      8.72% |       20432      7.55%     16.27% |       22415      8.29%     24.56% |       20974      7.75%     32.31% |       22678      8.38%     40.69% |       13487      4.99%     45.68% |       11561      4.27%     49.95% |       16658      6.16%     56.11% |       18216      6.73%     62.84% |       13083      4.84%     67.68% |       17294      6.39%     74.07% |       13807      5.10%     79.17% |       18387      6.80%     85.97% |       20374      7.53%     93.50% |       17587      6.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       270544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       10831      4.50%      4.51% |       10891      4.52%      9.03% |       17540      7.29%     16.32% |       19392      8.05%     24.37% |       18255      7.58%     31.95% |       20288      8.43%     40.38% |       12035      5.00%     45.38% |       10632      4.42%     49.79% |       14949      6.21%     56.00% |       16109      6.69%     62.69% |       11756      4.88%     67.58% |       15276      6.35%     73.92% |       12395      5.15%     79.07% |       16403      6.81%     85.88% |       18243      7.58%     93.46% |       15742      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       240756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287543     60.76%     60.76% |           0      0.00%     60.76% |       12519      2.65%     63.41% |       13001      2.75%     66.16% |       11176      2.36%     68.52% |       11305      2.39%     70.91% |       11142      2.35%     73.26% |       10974      2.32%     75.58% |       11805      2.49%     78.07% |       12268      2.59%     80.67% |       11472      2.42%     83.09% |       11281      2.38%     85.48% |       12404      2.62%     88.10% |       11411      2.41%     90.51% |       11694      2.47%     92.98% |       11267      2.38%     95.36% |       10790      2.28%     97.64% |       11167      2.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       473219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141740     35.22%     35.22% |          38      0.01%     35.23% |       15530      3.86%     39.09% |       15874      3.94%     43.03% |       16880      4.19%     47.23% |       17556      4.36%     51.59% |       17197      4.27%     55.86% |       18167      4.51%     60.38% |       15372      3.82%     64.20% |       15313      3.81%     68.00% |       15981      3.97%     71.97% |       16101      4.00%     75.97% |       16014      3.98%     79.95% |       15904      3.95%     83.91% |       15287      3.80%     87.70% |       16337      4.06%     91.76% |       16574      4.12%     95.88% |       16574      4.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       402439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122581    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146858     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        4757      2.14%     68.18% |        5090      2.29%     70.47% |        4720      2.12%     72.59% |        4942      2.22%     74.81% |        4720      2.12%     76.94% |        4794      2.16%     79.09% |        4646      2.09%     81.18% |        4794      2.16%     83.34% |        4720      2.12%     85.46% |        4572      2.06%     87.51% |        4757      2.14%     89.65% |        4535      2.04%     91.69% |        4535      2.04%     93.73% |        4535      2.04%     95.77% |        4720      2.12%     97.89% |        4683      2.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11157     28.82%     28.82% |           0      0.00%     28.82% |        1761      4.55%     33.37% |        1692      4.37%     37.74% |        1786      4.61%     42.36% |        1782      4.60%     46.96% |        1771      4.58%     51.54% |        1770      4.57%     56.11% |        1731      4.47%     60.58% |        1723      4.45%     65.03% |        1579      4.08%     69.11% |        1704      4.40%     73.51% |        1778      4.59%     78.11% |        1729      4.47%     82.57% |        1769      4.57%     87.14% |        1758      4.54%     91.69% |        1563      4.04%     95.72% |        1655      4.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        38708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         345      0.19%      0.19% |           0      0.00%      0.19% |       10352      5.56%      5.75% |       11604      6.24%     11.99% |       13007      6.99%     18.98% |       11850      6.37%     25.34% |       12770      6.86%     32.21% |       12021      6.46%     38.67% |       10682      5.74%     44.41% |       10063      5.41%     49.82% |       11739      6.31%     56.13% |       12527      6.73%     62.86% |       11328      6.09%     68.95% |       11821      6.35%     75.30% |       11054      5.94%     81.24% |       12506      6.72%     87.96% |       12043      6.47%     94.43% |       10359      5.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       186071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         476    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          27      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       17024      5.77%      5.78% |       17203      5.83%     11.61% |       19895      6.74%     18.35% |       18856      6.39%     24.74% |       19386      6.57%     31.31% |       19712      6.68%     37.99% |       18794      6.37%     44.36% |       16224      5.50%     49.86% |       18670      6.33%     56.18% |       18464      6.26%     62.44% |       17090      5.79%     68.23% |       19181      6.50%     74.73% |       18236      6.18%     80.91% |       19358      6.56%     87.47% |       18833      6.38%     93.85% |       18139      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       295092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         585      0.68%      0.68% |           0      0.00%      0.68% |        3607      4.21%      4.90% |        3420      4.00%      8.89% |        6202      7.25%     16.14% |        6866      8.02%     24.16% |        6447      7.53%     31.69% |        7403      8.65%     40.34% |        4411      5.15%     45.49% |        3922      4.58%     50.07% |        5184      6.06%     56.13% |        5520      6.45%     62.58% |        4011      4.69%     67.26% |        5131      5.99%     73.26% |        4209      4.92%     78.17% |        5746      6.71%     84.89% |        6762      7.90%     92.79% |        6175      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        85601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      3.82%      3.82% |           0      0.00%      3.82% |        8894      4.94%      8.76% |        8336      4.63%     13.39% |       11147      6.19%     19.58% |       13306      7.39%     26.97% |       11391      6.33%     33.29% |       13153      7.31%     40.60% |       11165      6.20%     46.80% |        8857      4.92%     51.72% |       11401      6.33%     58.05% |       10207      5.67%     63.72% |        8743      4.86%     68.58% |       11443      6.36%     74.93% |       10111      5.62%     80.55% |       10888      6.05%     86.60% |       12370      6.87%     93.47% |       11761      6.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       180043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5297310    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5297310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        9845      4.32%      4.33% |        9755      4.29%      8.62% |       16305      7.16%     15.78% |       18508      8.13%     23.91% |       16899      7.42%     31.33% |       19707      8.66%     39.99% |       11646      5.12%     45.11% |        9796      4.30%     49.41% |       14539      6.39%     55.80% |       15445      6.78%     62.58% |       10528      4.62%     67.20% |       14494      6.37%     73.57% |       11879      5.22%     78.79% |       15749      6.92%     85.71% |       17636      7.75%     93.45% |       14902      6.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       227652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1297      0.46%      0.46% |          28      0.01%      0.47% |       18377      6.45%      6.92% |       18964      6.66%     13.58% |       18814      6.61%     20.19% |       16288      5.72%     25.91% |       17570      6.17%     32.08% |       16740      5.88%     37.96% |       18437      6.48%     44.44% |       16988      5.97%     50.41% |       17387      6.11%     56.51% |       17748      6.23%     62.75% |       18074      6.35%     69.10% |       18220      6.40%     75.50% |       18077      6.35%     81.84% |       18027      6.33%     88.18% |       16620      5.84%     94.01% |       17040      5.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       284696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122028     68.05%     68.05% |           0      0.00%     68.05% |        3649      2.03%     70.08% |        4031      2.25%     72.33% |        3710      2.07%     74.40% |        3815      2.13%     76.53% |        3816      2.13%     78.66% |        4072      2.27%     80.93% |        3290      1.83%     82.76% |        3405      1.90%     84.66% |        3533      1.97%     86.63% |        3360      1.87%     88.50% |        3844      2.14%     90.65% |        3385      1.89%     92.53% |        3407      1.90%     94.43% |        3347      1.87%     96.30% |        3230      1.80%     98.10% |        3403      1.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       179325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1393754     90.68%     90.68% |           0      0.00%     90.68% |        8720      0.57%     91.25% |        8526      0.55%     91.81% |        9183      0.60%     92.40% |        9287      0.60%     93.01% |        9041      0.59%     93.60% |        8990      0.58%     94.18% |        8689      0.57%     94.75% |        8734      0.57%     95.32% |        8963      0.58%     95.90% |        9205      0.60%     96.50% |        8726      0.57%     97.07% |        8890      0.58%     97.64% |        8670      0.56%     98.21% |        9158      0.60%     98.80% |        9042      0.59%     99.39% |        9343      0.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1536921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21193     28.68%     28.68% |           0      0.00%     28.68% |        3097      4.19%     32.87% |        2804      3.80%     36.67% |        3605      4.88%     41.55% |        3842      5.20%     46.75% |        3627      4.91%     51.66% |        3154      4.27%     55.93% |        2857      3.87%     59.79% |        3155      4.27%     64.06% |        3232      4.37%     68.44% |        3565      4.83%     73.26% |        3141      4.25%     77.51% |        3092      4.18%     81.70% |        3006      4.07%     85.77% |        3553      4.81%     90.58% |        3124      4.23%     94.80% |        3839      5.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        73886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         600     98.36%     98.36% |          10      1.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119806     78.84%     78.84% |           0      0.00%     78.84% |        2014      1.33%     80.16% |        2001      1.32%     81.48% |        2005      1.32%     82.80% |        2009      1.32%     84.12% |        2017      1.33%     85.45% |        2001      1.32%     86.77% |        2029      1.34%     88.10% |        2017      1.33%     89.43% |        1985      1.31%     90.73% |        2025      1.33%     92.07% |        2004      1.32%     93.39% |        2022      1.33%     94.72% |        1985      1.31%     96.02% |        2025      1.33%     97.35% |        2008      1.32%     98.68% |        2012      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       151965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1251      4.60%      4.60% |        1428      5.25%      9.85% |        2036      7.49%     17.33% |        1834      6.74%     24.08% |        1596      5.87%     29.94% |        1967      7.23%     37.18% |        1719      6.32%     43.50% |        1393      5.12%     48.62% |        1843      6.78%     55.39% |        1620      5.96%     61.35% |        1461      5.37%     66.72% |        1836      6.75%     73.47% |        1635      6.01%     79.48% |        1848      6.79%     86.28% |        2224      8.18%     94.45% |        1509      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        27200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1735239     89.18%     89.18% |           0      0.00%     89.18% |       12821      0.66%     89.84% |       12671      0.65%     90.49% |       13001      0.67%     91.16% |       14127      0.73%     91.88% |       13891      0.71%     92.60% |       16600      0.85%     93.45% |       11748      0.60%     94.05% |       13482      0.69%     94.75% |       11501      0.59%     95.34% |       12541      0.64%     95.98% |       12742      0.65%     96.64% |       11195      0.58%     97.21% |       11162      0.57%     97.78% |       12722      0.65%     98.44% |       14212      0.73%     99.17% |       16168      0.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1945823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4403113     96.78%     96.78% |           0      0.00%     96.78% |       10534      0.23%     97.02% |       10762      0.24%     97.25% |        7696      0.17%     97.42% |        8729      0.19%     97.61% |        8648      0.19%     97.80% |       10481      0.23%     98.03% |        8782      0.19%     98.23% |       11378      0.25%     98.48% |        7414      0.16%     98.64% |        7690      0.17%     98.81% |       10985      0.24%     99.05% |        7153      0.16%     99.21% |        7825      0.17%     99.38% |        7603      0.17%     99.55% |        8922      0.20%     99.74% |       11673      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4549388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         302     43.45%     43.45% |           0      0.00%     43.45% |          13      1.87%     45.32% |         101     14.53%     59.86% |          17      2.45%     62.30% |           7      1.01%     63.31% |           6      0.86%     64.17% |          14      2.01%     66.19% |          26      3.74%     69.93% |          24      3.45%     73.38% |          17      2.45%     75.83% |          19      2.73%     78.56% |           5      0.72%     79.28% |          23      3.31%     82.59% |          41      5.90%     88.49% |          13      1.87%     90.36% |          23      3.31%     93.67% |          44      6.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167737     52.21%     52.21% |           0      0.00%     52.21% |       10505      3.27%     55.48% |       11000      3.42%     58.91% |        9171      2.85%     61.76% |        9296      2.89%     64.66% |        9125      2.84%     67.50% |        8973      2.79%     70.29% |        9776      3.04%     73.33% |       10251      3.19%     76.52% |        9487      2.95%     79.48% |        9256      2.88%     82.36% |       10400      3.24%     85.59% |        9389      2.92%     88.52% |        9709      3.02%     91.54% |        9242      2.88%     94.42% |        8782      2.73%     97.15% |        9155      2.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       321254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12585      4.46%      4.46% |       13154      4.67%      9.13% |       20264      7.19%     16.32% |       21272      7.55%     23.87% |       21014      7.45%     31.32% |       22368      7.94%     39.26% |       15420      5.47%     44.73% |       13181      4.68%     49.40% |       18179      6.45%     55.85% |       18738      6.65%     62.50% |       14340      5.09%     67.59% |       17881      6.34%     73.93% |       15376      5.45%     79.38% |       19554      6.94%     86.32% |       20980      7.44%     93.76% |       17577      6.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       281883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       11399      5.39%      5.40% |       10388      4.91%     10.31% |       14860      7.02%     17.33% |       15356      7.25%     24.58% |       14262      6.74%     31.32% |       15803      7.47%     38.79% |       12484      5.90%     44.69% |       10288      4.86%     49.55% |       13285      6.28%     55.82% |       13800      6.52%     62.34% |       10559      4.99%     67.33% |       13780      6.51%     73.84% |       12337      5.83%     79.67% |       14153      6.69%     86.36% |       14312      6.76%     93.12% |       14567      6.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       211664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8      5.00%      5.00% |           8      5.00%     10.00% |           9      5.62%     15.62% |           5      3.12%     18.75% |          13      8.12%     26.88% |          14      8.75%     35.62% |           4      2.50%     38.12% |          16     10.00%     48.12% |          10      6.25%     54.37% |           6      3.75%     58.12% |          10      6.25%     64.38% |           9      5.62%     70.00% |           5      3.12%     73.12% |          16     10.00%     83.12% |          15      9.38%     92.50% |          12      7.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141714     54.83%     54.83% |          10      0.00%     54.83% |        6653      2.57%     57.40% |        6536      2.53%     59.93% |        7945      3.07%     63.01% |        7980      3.09%     66.09% |        7527      2.91%     69.00% |        7425      2.87%     71.88% |        6880      2.66%     74.54% |        6852      2.65%     77.19% |        7379      2.85%     80.04% |        7489      2.90%     82.94% |        6906      2.67%     85.61% |        7233      2.80%     88.41% |        6945      2.69%     91.10% |        7705      2.98%     94.08% |        7652      2.96%     97.04% |        7652      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       258483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |       13646      5.71%      5.72% |       15387      6.44%     12.17% |       15871      6.64%     18.81% |       15239      6.38%     25.19% |       16273      6.81%     32.00% |       15915      6.66%     38.67% |       13458      5.63%     44.30% |       13394      5.61%     49.91% |       15056      6.30%     56.21% |       15769      6.60%     62.81% |       14752      6.18%     68.99% |       14945      6.26%     75.24% |       14093      5.90%     81.14% |       15643      6.55%     87.69% |       15644      6.55%     94.24% |       13753      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       238866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123423     57.66%     57.66% |           0      0.00%     57.66% |        5575      2.60%     60.26% |        5547      2.59%     62.86% |        6062      2.83%     65.69% |        6182      2.89%     68.58% |        6154      2.87%     71.45% |        6834      3.19%     74.64% |        5712      2.67%     77.31% |        5114      2.39%     79.70% |        5275      2.46%     82.17% |        5364      2.51%     84.67% |        5674      2.65%     87.32% |        5538      2.59%     89.91% |        5298      2.48%     92.38% |        5479      2.56%     94.94% |        5306      2.48%     97.42% |        5516      2.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       214053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1320      6.53%      6.53% |        1432      7.09%     13.62% |        1697      8.40%     22.02% |        1259      6.23%     28.26% |        1794      8.88%     37.14% |         948      4.69%     41.83% |         873      4.32%     46.15% |        1158      5.73%     51.88% |         921      4.56%     56.44% |        1115      5.52%     61.96% |        1589      7.87%     69.83% |        1327      6.57%     76.40% |        1009      4.99%     81.39% |        1186      5.87%     87.26% |        1267      6.27%     93.53% |        1306      6.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        20201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146885     29.12%     29.12% |           0      0.00%     29.12% |       20795      4.12%     33.25% |       21157      4.19%     37.44% |       23380      4.64%     42.08% |       22914      4.54%     46.62% |       22750      4.51%     51.13% |       23925      4.74%     55.87% |       23051      4.57%     60.44% |       20182      4.00%     64.45% |       22980      4.56%     69.00% |       22372      4.44%     73.44% |       20619      4.09%     77.53% |       22934      4.55%     82.07% |       22255      4.41%     86.48% |       23239      4.61%     91.09% |       22946      4.55%     95.64% |       21982      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       504366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         459      5.62%      5.62% |         536      6.56%     12.18% |         532      6.51%     18.69% |         337      4.12%     22.82% |         519      6.35%     29.17% |         341      4.17%     33.34% |         499      6.11%     39.45% |         452      5.53%     44.98% |         459      5.62%     50.60% |         593      7.26%     57.86% |         686      8.40%     66.25% |         547      6.70%     72.95% |         598      7.32%     80.27% |         473      5.79%     86.06% |         580      7.10%     93.16% |         559      6.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         8170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         334      4.71%      4.71% |         296      4.17%      8.88% |         462      6.51%     15.39% |         375      5.28%     20.67% |         438      6.17%     26.84% |         367      5.17%     32.01% |         484      6.82%     38.83% |         322      4.54%     43.37% |         511      7.20%     50.57% |         451      6.35%     56.93% |         361      5.09%     62.01% |         545      7.68%     69.69% |         493      6.95%     76.64% |         532      7.50%     84.13% |         660      9.30%     93.43% |         466      6.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         7097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11370      4.33%      4.33% |       11226      4.28%      8.61% |       19900      7.58%     16.20% |       22078      8.41%     24.61% |       20455      7.80%     32.41% |       22337      8.51%     40.92% |       12988      4.95%     45.87% |       11109      4.23%     50.11% |       16199      6.17%     56.28% |       17623      6.72%     63.00% |       12397      4.72%     67.72% |       16747      6.38%     74.10% |       13209      5.03%     79.14% |       17914      6.83%     85.97% |       19794      7.54%     93.51% |       17028      6.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       262374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       10831      4.50%      4.51% |       10891      4.52%      9.03% |       17540      7.29%     16.32% |       19392      8.05%     24.37% |       18255      7.58%     31.95% |       20288      8.43%     40.38% |       12035      5.00%     45.38% |       10632      4.42%     49.79% |       14949      6.21%     56.00% |       16109      6.69%     62.69% |       11756      4.88%     67.58% |       15276      6.35%     73.92% |       12395      5.15%     79.07% |       16403      6.81%     85.88% |       18243      7.58%     93.46% |       15742      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       240756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8      5.00%      5.00% |           8      5.00%     10.00% |           9      5.62%     15.62% |           5      3.12%     18.75% |          13      8.12%     26.88% |          14      8.75%     35.62% |           4      2.50%     38.12% |          16     10.00%     48.12% |          10      6.25%     54.37% |           6      3.75%     58.12% |          10      6.25%     64.38% |           9      5.62%     70.00% |           5      3.12%     73.12% |          16     10.00%     83.12% |          15      9.38%     92.50% |          12      7.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           5     50.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           7     70.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287543     60.77%     60.77% |           0      0.00%     60.77% |       12518      2.65%     63.41% |       13001      2.75%     66.16% |       11176      2.36%     68.52% |       11305      2.39%     70.91% |       11142      2.35%     73.26% |       10972      2.32%     75.58% |       11805      2.49%     78.08% |       12263      2.59%     80.67% |       11471      2.42%     83.09% |       11278      2.38%     85.48% |       12404      2.62%     88.10% |       11411      2.41%     90.51% |       11693      2.47%     92.98% |       11260      2.38%     95.36% |       10789      2.28%     97.64% |       11166      2.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       473197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           5     22.73%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           3     13.64%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           7     31.82%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3827      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.18% |        3471      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3534      2.87%     14.70% |        4040      3.28%     17.99% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3293      2.68%     23.68% |        3534      2.87%     26.55% |        5125      4.16%     30.71% |        3878      3.15%     33.87% |        3781      3.07%     36.94% |        3540      2.88%     39.81% |        4266      3.47%     43.28% |        3861      3.14%     46.42% |        3766      3.06%     49.48% |        4078      3.31%     52.79% |        4105      3.34%     56.13% |        3603      2.93%     59.06% |        3283      2.67%     61.72% |        3059      2.49%     64.21% |        3644      2.96%     67.17% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3385      2.75%     72.76% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3628      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4530      3.68%     84.96% |        3912      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5001      4.06%     96.38% |        4450      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123063                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44965      7.49%      7.49% |       18589      3.10%     10.59% |       17736      2.96%     13.55% |       18434      3.07%     16.62% |       17886      2.98%     19.60% |       17496      2.92%     22.52% |       17308      2.88%     25.40% |       17235      2.87%     28.28% |       17413      2.90%     31.18% |       17791      2.97%     34.14% |       19680      3.28%     37.42% |       19379      3.23%     40.65% |       18225      3.04%     43.69% |       17731      2.96%     46.65% |       17004      2.83%     49.48% |       17382      2.90%     52.38% |       18354      3.06%     55.44% |       17670      2.95%     58.38% |       17923      2.99%     61.37% |       17734      2.96%     64.32% |       17835      2.97%     67.30% |       18990      3.17%     70.46% |       17510      2.92%     73.38% |       17186      2.86%     76.24% |       17637      2.94%     79.18% |       17948      2.99%     82.18% |       17507      2.92%     85.09% |       17032      2.84%     87.93% |       17523      2.92%     90.85% |       17142      2.86%     93.71% |       17636      2.94%     96.65% |       20108      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       599989                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18746      3.51%      3.51% |       16723      3.13%      6.64% |       16433      3.07%      9.71% |       16686      3.12%     12.83% |       16742      3.13%     15.97% |       16409      3.07%     19.04% |       16198      3.03%     22.07% |       16304      3.05%     25.12% |       16677      3.12%     28.24% |       16462      3.08%     31.32% |       16384      3.07%     34.38% |       16962      3.17%     37.56% |       16646      3.11%     40.67% |       16282      3.05%     43.72% |       16271      3.04%     46.76% |       16260      3.04%     49.81% |       16616      3.11%     52.92% |       16357      3.06%     55.98% |       16559      3.10%     59.08% |       16651      3.12%     62.19% |       16695      3.12%     65.31% |       17630      3.30%     68.61% |       16486      3.08%     71.70% |       16547      3.10%     74.79% |       16977      3.18%     77.97% |       16662      3.12%     81.09% |       16657      3.12%     84.21% |       17011      3.18%     87.39% |       16692      3.12%     90.51% |       16561      3.10%     93.61% |       17206      3.22%     96.83% |       16941      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       534433                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        7237      3.16%      3.16% |        7076      3.09%      6.26% |        7141      3.12%      9.38% |        7082      3.10%     12.48% |        7240      3.17%     15.64% |        7126      3.12%     18.76% |        7112      3.11%     21.87% |        7083      3.10%     24.96% |        7216      3.15%     28.12% |        7084      3.10%     31.22% |        7106      3.11%     34.32% |        7168      3.13%     37.46% |        7225      3.16%     40.61% |        7086      3.10%     43.71% |        7132      3.12%     46.83% |        7190      3.14%     49.97% |        7277      3.18%     53.16% |        7073      3.09%     56.25% |        7126      3.12%     59.36% |        7092      3.10%     62.46% |        7307      3.19%     65.66% |        7065      3.09%     68.75% |        7103      3.11%     71.85% |        7129      3.12%     74.97% |        7291      3.19%     78.16% |        7140      3.12%     81.28% |        7138      3.12%     84.40% |        7124      3.11%     87.51% |        7266      3.18%     90.69% |        7162      3.13%     93.82% |        7064      3.09%     96.91% |        7065      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       228726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42718      9.03%      9.03% |       14853      3.14%     12.17% |       13525      2.86%     15.02% |       14448      3.05%     18.08% |       13674      2.89%     20.97% |       13301      2.81%     23.78% |       12924      2.73%     26.51% |       12965      2.74%     29.25% |       13177      2.78%     32.03% |       13733      2.90%     34.94% |       15475      3.27%     38.21% |       15768      3.33%     41.54% |       13868      2.93%     44.47% |       13504      2.85%     47.32% |       12666      2.68%     50.00% |       13056      2.76%     52.76% |       14020      2.96%     55.72% |       13526      2.86%     58.58% |       13872      2.93%     61.51% |       13900      2.94%     64.45% |       13554      2.86%     67.31% |       15986      3.38%     70.69% |       13460      2.84%     73.53% |       13143      2.78%     76.31% |       13604      2.87%     79.19% |       13983      2.95%     82.14% |       13514      2.86%     85.00% |       13480      2.85%     87.85% |       13387      2.83%     90.68% |       13184      2.79%     93.46% |       14301      3.02%     96.48% |       16641      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       473210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           3     10.00%     10.00% |           1      3.33%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           1      3.33%     16.67% |           1      3.33%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      3.33%     23.33% |           0      0.00%     23.33% |           0      0.00%     23.33% |           0      0.00%     23.33% |           1      3.33%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           2      6.67%     33.33% |           3     10.00%     43.33% |           2      6.67%     50.00% |           2      6.67%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           3     10.00%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           1      3.33%     76.67% |           3     10.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2      6.67%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8017      3.66%      3.66% |        6800      3.11%      6.77% |        6837      3.12%      9.90% |        6798      3.11%     13.00% |        6776      3.10%     16.10% |        6793      3.10%     19.20% |        6777      3.10%     22.30% |        6789      3.10%     25.40% |        6807      3.11%     28.52% |        6814      3.11%     31.63% |        6840      3.13%     34.76% |        6811      3.11%     37.87% |        6802      3.11%     40.98% |        6822      3.12%     44.09% |        6802      3.11%     47.20% |        6788      3.10%     50.31% |        6836      3.12%     53.43% |        6812      3.11%     56.54% |        6817      3.12%     59.66% |        6816      3.12%     62.77% |        6814      3.11%     65.89% |        6843      3.13%     69.01% |        6812      3.11%     72.13% |        6770      3.09%     75.22% |        6797      3.11%     78.33% |        6792      3.10%     81.43% |        6780      3.10%     84.53% |        6757      3.09%     87.62% |        6775      3.10%     90.72% |        6758      3.09%     93.80% |        6773      3.10%     96.90% |        6784      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       218809                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1823      3.41%      3.41% |        1708      3.19%      6.60% |        1735      3.24%      9.84% |        1682      3.14%     12.98% |        1679      3.14%     16.12% |        1674      3.13%     19.25% |        1681      3.14%     22.39% |        1665      3.11%     25.50% |        1675      3.13%     28.63% |        1716      3.21%     31.84% |        1707      3.19%     35.03% |        1661      3.10%     38.14% |        1697      3.17%     41.31% |        1698      3.17%     44.48% |        1714      3.20%     47.68% |        1655      3.09%     50.78% |        1661      3.10%     53.88% |        1657      3.10%     56.98% |        1647      3.08%     60.06% |        1637      3.06%     63.12% |        1632      3.05%     66.17% |        1652      3.09%     69.25% |        1638      3.06%     72.31% |        1625      3.04%     75.35% |        1659      3.10%     78.45% |        1687      3.15%     81.60% |        1679      3.14%     84.74% |        1637      3.06%     87.80% |        1646      3.08%     90.88% |        1634      3.05%     93.93% |        1633      3.05%     96.98% |        1614      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53508                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10956      3.58%      3.58% |        9558      3.12%      6.71% |        9620      3.14%      9.85% |        9528      3.11%     12.97% |        9503      3.11%     16.07% |        9515      3.11%     19.18% |        9506      3.11%     22.29% |        9502      3.11%     25.40% |        9530      3.12%     28.51% |        9578      3.13%     31.64% |        9594      3.14%     34.78% |        9519      3.11%     37.89% |        9546      3.12%     41.01% |        9567      3.13%     44.14% |        9563      3.13%     47.26% |        9490      3.10%     50.37% |        9544      3.12%     53.49% |        9517      3.11%     56.60% |        9512      3.11%     59.71% |        9501      3.11%     62.81% |        9494      3.10%     65.91% |        9543      3.12%     69.03% |        9498      3.10%     72.14% |        9442      3.09%     75.23% |        9504      3.11%     78.33% |        9528      3.11%     81.45% |        9508      3.11%     84.55% |        9440      3.09%     87.64% |        9468      3.09%     90.74% |        9440      3.09%     93.82% |        9455      3.09%     96.91% |        9446      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       305915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9932      3.64%      3.64% |        8534      3.12%      6.76% |        8596      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8479      3.10%     16.13% |        8491      3.11%     19.23% |        8482      3.11%     22.34% |        8478      3.10%     25.44% |        8506      3.11%     28.56% |        8554      3.13%     31.69% |        8570      3.14%     34.83% |        8495      3.11%     37.94% |        8522      3.12%     41.06% |        8543      3.13%     44.18% |        8539      3.13%     47.31% |        8466      3.10%     50.41% |        8520      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8488      3.11%     59.75% |        8477      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8519      3.12%     69.07% |        8474      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.36% |        8504      3.11%     81.47% |        8484      3.11%     84.58% |        8416      3.08%     87.66% |        8444      3.09%     90.75% |        8416      3.08%     93.83% |        8431      3.09%     96.92% |        8422      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6796      3.20%      3.20% |        6617      3.12%      6.32% |        6664      3.14%      9.45% |        6566      3.09%     12.55% |        6716      3.16%     15.71% |        6578      3.10%     18.81% |        6650      3.13%     21.94% |        6617      3.12%     25.05% |        6691      3.15%     28.20% |        6564      3.09%     31.29% |        6625      3.12%     34.41% |        6645      3.13%     37.54% |        6712      3.16%     40.70% |        6557      3.09%     43.79% |        6563      3.09%     46.88% |        6693      3.15%     50.03% |        6792      3.20%     53.23% |        6561      3.09%     56.32% |        6611      3.11%     59.43% |        6579      3.10%     62.53% |        6761      3.18%     65.71% |        6561      3.09%     68.80% |        6557      3.09%     71.89% |        6547      3.08%     74.97% |        6772      3.19%     78.16% |        6616      3.12%     81.28% |        6583      3.10%     84.38% |        6572      3.09%     87.47% |        6737      3.17%     90.64% |        6679      3.14%     93.79% |        6615      3.11%     96.90% |        6574      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       212371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         854      3.14%      3.14% |         848      3.12%      6.26% |         854      3.14%      9.40% |         845      3.11%     12.50% |         859      3.16%     15.66% |         861      3.17%     18.83% |         852      3.13%     21.96% |         843      3.10%     25.06% |         865      3.18%     28.24% |         835      3.07%     31.31% |         861      3.17%     34.47% |         857      3.15%     37.62% |         836      3.07%     40.70% |         849      3.12%     43.82% |         858      3.15%     46.97% |         846      3.11%     50.08% |         844      3.10%     53.19% |         851      3.13%     56.32% |         836      3.07%     59.39% |         843      3.10%     62.49% |         851      3.13%     65.62% |         816      3.00%     68.62% |         855      3.14%     71.76% |         840      3.09%     74.85% |         830      3.05%     77.90% |         853      3.14%     81.04% |         842      3.10%     84.13% |         858      3.15%     87.29% |         870      3.20%     90.49% |         860      3.16%     93.65% |         855      3.14%     96.79% |         873      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        27200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         786      3.07%      3.07% |         790      3.09%      6.16% |         803      3.14%      9.30% |         803      3.14%     12.43% |         805      3.15%     15.58% |         803      3.14%     18.72% |         806      3.15%     21.87% |         810      3.17%     25.03% |         804      3.14%     28.17% |         815      3.18%     31.36% |         815      3.18%     34.54% |         812      3.17%     37.71% |         807      3.15%     40.87% |         811      3.17%     44.04% |         808      3.16%     47.19% |         806      3.15%     50.34% |         808      3.16%     53.50% |         803      3.14%     56.64% |         803      3.14%     59.78% |         792      3.09%     62.87% |         787      3.08%     65.95% |         788      3.08%     69.03% |         791      3.09%     72.12% |         783      3.06%     75.18% |         795      3.11%     78.28% |         788      3.08%     81.36% |         803      3.14%     84.50% |         793      3.10%     87.60% |         797      3.11%     90.71% |         791      3.09%     93.80% |         794      3.10%     96.91% |         792      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        25592                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         502      3.36%      3.36% |         455      3.05%      6.41% |         453      3.03%      9.44% |         444      2.97%     12.41% |         457      3.06%     15.47% |         468      3.13%     18.61% |         459      3.07%     21.68% |         460      3.08%     24.76% |         465      3.11%     27.88% |         473      3.17%     31.04% |         488      3.27%     34.31% |         476      3.19%     37.50% |         492      3.29%     40.79% |         495      3.31%     44.11% |         499      3.34%     47.45% |         481      3.22%     50.67% |         483      3.23%     53.90% |         471      3.15%     57.06% |         467      3.13%     60.18% |         446      2.99%     63.17% |         441      2.95%     66.12% |         467      3.13%     69.25% |         445      2.98%     72.23% |         442      2.96%     75.19% |         473      3.17%     78.36% |         475      3.18%     81.54% |         483      3.23%     84.77% |         453      3.03%     87.81% |         450      3.01%     90.82% |         454      3.04%     93.86% |         463      3.10%     96.96% |         454      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7583      3.17%      3.17% |        7446      3.12%      6.29% |        7500      3.14%      9.43% |        7393      3.10%     12.53% |        7561      3.17%     15.69% |        7424      3.11%     18.80% |        7486      3.13%     21.93% |        7442      3.12%     25.05% |        7540      3.16%     28.21% |        7376      3.09%     31.29% |        7462      3.12%     34.42% |        7479      3.13%     37.55% |        7532      3.15%     40.70% |        7391      3.09%     43.80% |        7403      3.10%     46.90% |        7521      3.15%     50.04% |        7623      3.19%     53.24% |        7392      3.09%     56.33% |        7427      3.11%     59.44% |        7399      3.10%     62.54% |        7592      3.18%     65.72% |        7350      3.08%     68.79% |        7387      3.09%     71.89% |        7361      3.08%     74.97% |        7583      3.17%     78.14% |        7443      3.12%     81.26% |        7398      3.10%     84.35% |        7399      3.10%     87.45% |        7588      3.18%     90.63% |        7515      3.15%     93.77% |        7444      3.12%     96.89% |        7426      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       238866                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59645      5.94%      5.94% |       31362      3.12%      9.07% |       30036      2.99%     12.06% |       30963      3.09%     15.15% |       30483      3.04%     18.18% |       29811      2.97%     21.15% |       29446      2.93%     24.09% |       29474      2.94%     27.02% |       29947      2.98%     30.01% |       30218      3.01%     33.02% |       31993      3.19%     36.21% |       32266      3.22%     39.42% |       30688      3.06%     42.48% |       29953      2.98%     45.46% |       29163      2.91%     48.37% |       29600      2.95%     51.32% |       30857      3.07%     54.39% |       29988      2.99%     57.38% |       30348      3.02%     60.41% |       30363      3.03%     63.43% |       30385      3.03%     66.46% |       32459      3.23%     69.69% |       29876      2.98%     72.67% |       29611      2.95%     75.62% |       30384      3.03%     78.65% |       30507      3.04%     81.69% |       29988      2.99%     84.68% |       29918      2.98%     87.66% |       30215      3.01%     90.67% |       29716      2.96%     93.63% |       30838      3.07%     96.70% |       33104      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1003605                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         411      3.29%      3.29% |         374      2.99%      6.28% |         377      3.02%      9.30% |         373      2.99%     12.29% |         382      3.06%     15.34% |         380      3.04%     18.39% |         380      3.04%     21.43% |         384      3.07%     24.50% |         388      3.11%     27.61% |         400      3.20%     30.81% |         405      3.24%     34.05% |         396      3.17%     37.22% |         414      3.31%     40.53% |         414      3.31%     43.85% |         418      3.35%     47.19% |         406      3.25%     50.44% |         409      3.27%     53.72% |         397      3.18%     56.90% |         390      3.12%     60.02% |         371      2.97%     62.99% |         360      2.88%     65.87% |         387      3.10%     68.97% |         373      2.99%     71.95% |         371      2.97%     74.92% |         400      3.20%     78.12% |         404      3.23%     81.36% |         414      3.31%     84.67% |         384      3.07%     87.75% |         385      3.08%     90.83% |         381      3.05%     93.88% |         393      3.15%     97.02% |         372      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5272      4.13%      4.13% |        4013      3.14%      7.27% |        4070      3.19%     10.45% |        3979      3.11%     13.57% |        3962      3.10%     16.67% |        3965      3.10%     19.77% |        3968      3.11%     22.88% |        3963      3.10%     25.98% |        3967      3.11%     29.09% |        3996      3.13%     32.22% |        4020      3.15%     35.36% |        3929      3.08%     38.44% |        3948      3.09%     41.53% |        3971      3.11%     44.64% |        3969      3.11%     47.74% |        3921      3.07%     50.81% |        3954      3.10%     53.91% |        3940      3.08%     56.99% |        3940      3.08%     60.08% |        3951      3.09%     63.17% |        3954      3.10%     66.26% |        3960      3.10%     69.36% |        3956      3.10%     72.46% |        3904      3.06%     75.52% |        3930      3.08%     78.59% |        3946      3.09%     81.68% |        3914      3.06%     84.74% |        3890      3.04%     87.79% |        3913      3.06%     90.85% |        3888      3.04%     93.90% |        3881      3.04%     96.93% |        3917      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127751                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5273      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5173      3.12%      9.43% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5170      3.12%     18.79% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5175      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.14%     37.52% |        5184      3.13%     40.65% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5180      3.13%     56.27% |        5182      3.13%     59.40% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.65% |        5197      3.14%     68.79% |        5169      3.12%     71.91% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5180      3.13%     84.40% |        5167      3.12%     87.52% |        5170      3.12%     90.64% |        5171      3.12%     93.76% |        5181      3.13%     96.89% |        5158      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165674                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3089      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4723      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.32% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4146      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110477                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2554      3.15%      3.15% |        2472      3.04%      6.19% |        2554      3.15%      9.33% |        2606      3.21%     12.54% |        2611      3.22%     15.76% |        2620      3.23%     18.99% |        2630      3.24%     22.22% |        2556      3.15%     25.37% |        2578      3.17%     28.55% |        2520      3.10%     31.65% |        2584      3.18%     34.83% |        2484      3.06%     37.89% |        2564      3.16%     41.05% |        2511      3.09%     44.14% |        2613      3.22%     47.36% |        2533      3.12%     50.48% |        2583      3.18%     53.66% |        2532      3.12%     56.78% |        2585      3.18%     59.96% |        2483      3.06%     63.02% |        2484      3.06%     66.08% |        2480      3.05%     69.13% |        2534      3.12%     72.25% |        2516      3.10%     75.35% |        2534      3.12%     78.47% |        2477      3.05%     81.52% |        2552      3.14%     84.66% |        2488      3.06%     87.73% |        2521      3.10%     90.83% |        2460      3.03%     93.86% |        2508      3.09%     96.95% |        2479      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        81206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         683      3.19%      3.19% |         681      3.18%      6.37% |         710      3.31%      9.68% |         648      3.02%     12.70% |         684      3.19%     15.89% |         648      3.02%     18.92% |         661      3.08%     22.00% |         673      3.14%     25.14% |         674      3.15%     28.29% |         663      3.09%     31.38% |         665      3.10%     34.49% |         674      3.15%     37.63% |         673      3.14%     40.77% |         663      3.09%     43.87% |         643      3.00%     46.87% |         664      3.10%     49.97% |         702      3.28%     53.24% |         658      3.07%     56.31% |         656      3.06%     59.37% |         659      3.08%     62.45% |         687      3.21%     65.65% |         683      3.19%     68.84% |         648      3.02%     71.87% |         636      2.97%     74.83% |         708      3.30%     78.14% |         696      3.25%     81.39% |         658      3.07%     84.46% |         658      3.07%     87.53% |         653      3.05%     90.57% |         681      3.18%     93.75% |         675      3.15%     96.90% |         664      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        21429                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6999      3.17%      3.17% |        6860      3.11%      6.28% |        6891      3.12%      9.41% |        6842      3.10%     12.51% |        6975      3.16%     15.67% |        6869      3.11%     18.79% |        6913      3.13%     21.92% |        6869      3.11%     25.04% |        6947      3.15%     28.19% |        6827      3.10%     31.28% |        6871      3.12%     34.40% |        6898      3.13%     37.52% |        6963      3.16%     40.68% |        6825      3.09%     43.78% |        6859      3.11%     46.89% |        6951      3.15%     50.04% |        7026      3.19%     53.22% |        6830      3.10%     56.32% |        6888      3.12%     59.44% |        6842      3.10%     62.54% |        7002      3.17%     65.72% |        6794      3.08%     68.80% |        6836      3.10%     71.90% |        6838      3.10%     75.00% |        6987      3.17%     78.17% |        6844      3.10%     81.27% |        6841      3.10%     84.37% |        6830      3.10%     87.47% |        7017      3.18%     90.65% |        6922      3.14%     93.79% |        6859      3.11%     96.90% |        6840      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       220555                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.28%      3.28% |         431      3.02%      6.30% |         421      2.95%      9.25% |         429      3.01%     12.26% |         440      3.09%     15.35% |         439      3.08%     18.42% |         438      3.07%     21.50% |         442      3.10%     24.60% |         445      3.12%     27.72% |         453      3.18%     30.89% |         450      3.16%     34.05% |         455      3.19%     37.24% |         473      3.32%     40.56% |         472      3.31%     43.87% |         475      3.33%     47.20% |         460      3.23%     50.43% |         463      3.25%     53.68% |         453      3.18%     56.85% |         448      3.14%     59.99% |         424      2.97%     62.97% |         417      2.92%     65.89% |         437      3.06%     68.96% |         427      2.99%     71.95% |         426      2.99%     74.94% |         458      3.21%     78.15% |         459      3.22%     81.37% |         468      3.28%     84.65% |         439      3.08%     87.73% |         437      3.06%     90.80% |         437      3.06%     93.86% |         447      3.14%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29083     21.43%     21.43% |        4170      3.07%     24.50% |        3095      2.28%     26.78% |        3919      2.89%     29.67% |        3265      2.41%     32.08% |        2994      2.21%     34.28% |        2776      2.05%     36.33% |        2788      2.05%     38.38% |        2837      2.09%     40.47% |        3390      2.50%     42.97% |        5143      3.79%     46.76% |        4974      3.67%     50.43% |        3628      2.67%     53.10% |        3329      2.45%     55.55% |        2524      1.86%     57.41% |        2884      2.13%     59.54% |        3713      2.74%     62.27% |        3280      2.42%     64.69% |        3443      2.54%     67.23% |        3398      2.50%     69.73% |        3242      2.39%     72.12% |        4619      3.40%     75.53% |        3089      2.28%     77.80% |        2866      2.11%     79.91% |        3031      2.23%     82.15% |        3533      2.60%     84.75% |        3075      2.27%     87.02% |        2696      1.99%     89.00% |        3023      2.23%     91.23% |        2774      2.04%     93.27% |        3325      2.45%     95.72% |        5802      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3512      6.32%      6.32% |        1854      3.34%      9.66% |        1545      2.78%     12.44% |        1723      3.10%     15.54% |        1638      2.95%     18.48% |        1535      2.76%     21.25% |        1377      2.48%     23.72% |        1416      2.55%     26.27% |        1554      2.80%     29.07% |        1523      2.74%     31.81% |        1511      2.72%     34.53% |        2033      3.66%     38.19% |        1459      2.63%     40.81% |        1377      2.48%     43.29% |        1353      2.43%     45.73% |        1444      2.60%     48.32% |        1521      2.74%     51.06% |        1480      2.66%     53.72% |        1653      2.97%     56.70% |        1730      3.11%     59.81% |        1540      2.77%     62.58% |        2586      4.65%     67.24% |        1605      2.89%     70.12% |        1566      2.82%     72.94% |        1820      3.28%     76.22% |        1682      3.03%     79.24% |        1703      3.06%     82.31% |        2087      3.76%     86.06% |        1626      2.93%     88.99% |        1708      3.07%     92.06% |        2275      4.09%     96.16% |        2135      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8008      3.66%      3.66% |        6790      3.11%      6.77% |        6820      3.12%      9.89% |        6794      3.11%     13.00% |        6773      3.10%     16.09% |        6785      3.10%     19.20% |        6774      3.10%     22.30% |        6786      3.10%     25.40% |        6803      3.11%     28.51% |        6806      3.11%     31.62% |        6819      3.12%     34.74% |        6805      3.11%     37.86% |        6794      3.11%     40.96% |        6819      3.12%     44.08% |        6798      3.11%     47.19% |        6785      3.10%     50.30% |        6831      3.12%     53.42% |        6810      3.11%     56.53% |        6813      3.12%     59.65% |        6813      3.12%     62.77% |        6808      3.11%     65.88% |        6835      3.13%     69.01% |        6808      3.11%     72.12% |        6768      3.10%     75.22% |        6791      3.11%     78.32% |        6790      3.11%     81.43% |        6776      3.10%     84.53% |        6754      3.09%     87.62% |        6769      3.10%     90.71% |        6753      3.09%     93.80% |        6769      3.10%     96.90% |        6779      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       218626                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1319      3.46%      3.46% |        1244      3.26%      6.73% |        1281      3.36%     10.09% |        1224      3.21%     13.30% |        1211      3.18%     16.48% |        1199      3.15%     19.62% |        1209      3.17%     22.80% |        1190      3.12%     25.92% |        1198      3.14%     29.06% |        1228      3.22%     32.28% |        1216      3.19%     35.48% |        1168      3.06%     38.54% |        1197      3.14%     41.68% |        1191      3.13%     44.81% |        1201      3.15%     47.96% |        1159      3.04%     51.00% |        1170      3.07%     54.07% |        1168      3.06%     57.13% |        1164      3.05%     60.19% |        1171      3.07%     63.26% |        1177      3.09%     66.35% |        1166      3.06%     69.41% |        1172      3.08%     72.49% |        1159      3.04%     75.53% |        1173      3.08%     78.61% |        1188      3.12%     81.72% |        1173      3.08%     84.80% |        1156      3.03%     87.83% |        1183      3.10%     90.94% |        1161      3.05%     93.99% |        1148      3.01%     97.00% |        1144      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7583      3.17%      3.17% |        7446      3.12%      6.29% |        7500      3.14%      9.43% |        7393      3.10%     12.53% |        7561      3.17%     15.69% |        7424      3.11%     18.80% |        7486      3.13%     21.93% |        7442      3.12%     25.05% |        7540      3.16%     28.21% |        7376      3.09%     31.29% |        7462      3.12%     34.42% |        7479      3.13%     37.55% |        7532      3.15%     40.70% |        7391      3.09%     43.80% |        7403      3.10%     46.90% |        7521      3.15%     50.04% |        7623      3.19%     53.24% |        7392      3.09%     56.33% |        7427      3.11%     59.44% |        7399      3.10%     62.54% |        7592      3.18%     65.72% |        7350      3.08%     68.79% |        7387      3.09%     71.89% |        7361      3.08%     74.97% |        7583      3.17%     78.14% |        7443      3.12%     81.26% |        7398      3.10%     84.35% |        7399      3.10%     87.45% |        7588      3.18%     90.63% |        7515      3.15%     93.77% |        7444      3.12%     96.89% |        7426      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       238866                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8978      3.18%      3.18% |        8763      3.11%      6.29% |        8708      3.09%      9.38% |        8830      3.13%     12.52% |        8957      3.18%     15.69% |        8780      3.11%     18.81% |        8742      3.10%     21.91% |        8772      3.11%     25.02% |        8935      3.17%     28.19% |        8810      3.13%     31.32% |        8750      3.10%     34.42% |        8717      3.09%     37.51% |        8995      3.19%     40.70% |        8764      3.11%     43.81% |        8796      3.12%     46.93% |        8728      3.10%     50.03% |        8925      3.17%     53.19% |        8775      3.11%     56.31% |        8752      3.10%     59.41% |        8762      3.11%     62.52% |        8935      3.17%     65.69% |        8805      3.12%     68.81% |        8728      3.10%     71.91% |        8805      3.12%     75.03% |        8903      3.16%     78.19% |        8783      3.12%     81.31% |        8775      3.11%     84.42% |        8737      3.10%     87.52% |        8950      3.17%     90.69% |        8718      3.09%     93.79% |        8790      3.12%     96.90% |        8725      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       281893                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42717      9.03%      9.03% |       14852      3.14%     12.17% |       13525      2.86%     15.02% |       14447      3.05%     18.08% |       13673      2.89%     20.97% |       13301      2.81%     23.78% |       12924      2.73%     26.51% |       12965      2.74%     29.25% |       13177      2.78%     32.03% |       13732      2.90%     34.94% |       15475      3.27%     38.21% |       15768      3.33%     41.54% |       13868      2.93%     44.47% |       13503      2.85%     47.32% |       12666      2.68%     50.00% |       13056      2.76%     52.76% |       14020      2.96%     55.72% |       13526      2.86%     58.58% |       13872      2.93%     61.51% |       13900      2.94%     64.45% |       13554      2.86%     67.31% |       15986      3.38%     70.69% |       13457      2.84%     73.53% |       13143      2.78%     76.31% |       13604      2.87%     79.19% |       13981      2.95%     82.14% |       13513      2.86%     85.00% |       13479      2.85%     87.85% |       13387      2.83%     90.67% |       13184      2.79%     93.46% |       14301      3.02%     96.48% |       16641      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       473197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           8      6.84%      6.84% |           8      6.84%     13.68% |           6      5.13%     18.80% |           3      2.56%     21.37% |           3      2.56%     23.93% |           5      4.27%     28.21% |           0      0.00%     28.21% |           0      0.00%     28.21% |           2      1.71%     29.91% |           5      4.27%     34.19% |           3      2.56%     36.75% |           5      4.27%     41.03% |           6      5.13%     46.15% |           1      0.85%     47.01% |           1      0.85%     47.86% |           1      0.85%     48.72% |           3      2.56%     51.28% |           1      0.85%     52.14% |           3      2.56%     54.70% |           2      1.71%     56.41% |           5      4.27%     60.68% |           7      5.98%     66.67% |           4      3.42%     70.09% |           2      1.71%     71.79% |           6      5.13%     76.92% |           2      1.71%     78.63% |           4      3.42%     82.05% |           3      2.56%     84.62% |           5      4.27%     88.89% |           4      3.42%     92.31% |           4      3.42%     95.73% |           5      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          37      3.24%      3.24% |          33      2.89%      6.13% |          33      2.89%      9.02% |          29      2.54%     11.56% |          28      2.45%     14.01% |          36      3.15%     17.16% |          34      2.98%     20.14% |          33      2.89%     23.03% |          32      2.80%     25.83% |          35      3.06%     28.90% |          41      3.59%     32.49% |          38      3.33%     35.81% |          27      2.36%     38.18% |          35      3.06%     41.24% |          38      3.33%     44.57% |          36      3.15%     47.72% |          28      2.45%     50.18% |          36      3.15%     53.33% |          35      3.06%     56.39% |          42      3.68%     60.07% |          38      3.33%     63.40% |          49      4.29%     67.69% |          39      3.42%     71.10% |          40      3.50%     74.61% |          28      2.45%     77.06% |          40      3.50%     80.56% |          38      3.33%     83.89% |          42      3.68%     87.57% |          26      2.28%     89.84% |          36      3.15%     92.99% |          38      3.33%     96.32% |          42      3.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1142                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9932      3.64%      3.64% |        8534      3.12%      6.76% |        8596      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8479      3.10%     16.13% |        8491      3.11%     19.23% |        8482      3.11%     22.34% |        8478      3.10%     25.44% |        8506      3.11%     28.56% |        8554      3.13%     31.69% |        8570      3.14%     34.83% |        8495      3.11%     37.94% |        8522      3.12%     41.06% |        8543      3.13%     44.18% |        8539      3.13%     47.31% |        8466      3.10%     50.41% |        8520      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8488      3.11%     59.75% |        8477      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8519      3.12%     69.07% |        8474      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.36% |        8504      3.11%     81.47% |        8484      3.11%     84.58% |        8416      3.08%     87.66% |        8444      3.09%     90.75% |        8416      3.08%     93.83% |        8431      3.09%     96.92% |        8422      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          60     45.80%     45.80% |           6      4.58%     50.38% |           4      3.05%     53.44% |           3      2.29%     55.73% |           1      0.76%     56.49% |           0      0.00%     56.49% |           0      0.00%     56.49% |           0      0.00%     56.49% |           0      0.00%     56.49% |           3      2.29%     58.78% |           2      1.53%     60.31% |           3      2.29%     62.60% |           5      3.82%     66.41% |           0      0.00%     66.41% |           0      0.00%     66.41% |           0      0.00%     66.41% |           2      1.53%     67.94% |           1      0.76%     68.70% |           2      1.53%     70.23% |           1      0.76%     70.99% |           4      3.05%     74.05% |           3      2.29%     76.34% |           3      2.29%     78.63% |           1      0.76%     79.39% |           5      3.82%     83.21% |           1      0.76%     83.97% |           2      1.53%     85.50% |           3      2.29%     87.79% |           5      3.82%     91.60% |           4      3.05%     94.66% |           4      3.05%     97.71% |           3      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      9.52%      9.52% |           2      4.76%     14.29% |           2      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           5     11.90%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           2      4.76%     40.48% |           2      4.76%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           2      4.76%     52.38% |           1      2.38%     54.76% |           1      2.38%     57.14% |           1      2.38%     59.52% |           1      2.38%     61.90% |           1      2.38%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      2.38%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           4      9.52%     80.95% |           1      2.38%     83.33% |           1      2.38%     85.71% |           1      2.38%     88.10% |           1      2.38%     90.48% |           2      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           5     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           7      1.22%      1.22% |          13      2.26%      3.48% |          14      2.44%      5.92% |          15      2.61%      8.54% |          13      2.26%     10.80% |          15      2.61%     13.41% |          16      2.79%     16.20% |          18      3.14%     19.34% |          16      2.79%     22.13% |          20      3.48%     25.61% |          22      3.83%     29.44% |          20      3.48%     32.93% |          11      1.92%     34.84% |          15      2.61%     37.46% |          18      3.14%     40.59% |          18      3.14%     43.73% |          11      1.92%     45.64% |          19      3.31%     48.95% |          18      3.14%     52.09% |          22      3.83%     55.92% |          16      2.79%     58.71% |          24      4.18%     62.89% |          22      3.83%     66.72% |          25      4.36%     71.08% |          14      2.44%     73.52% |          25      4.36%     77.87% |          25      4.36%     82.23% |          28      4.88%     87.11% |          14      2.44%     89.55% |          20      3.48%     93.03% |          22      3.83%     96.86% |          18      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          30      5.28%      5.28% |          20      3.52%      8.80% |          19      3.35%     12.15% |          14      2.46%     14.61% |          15      2.64%     17.25% |          21      3.70%     20.95% |          18      3.17%     24.12% |          15      2.64%     26.76% |          16      2.82%     29.58% |          15      2.64%     32.22% |          19      3.35%     35.56% |          18      3.17%     38.73% |          16      2.82%     41.55% |          20      3.52%     45.07% |          20      3.52%     48.59% |          18      3.17%     51.76% |          17      2.99%     54.75% |          17      2.99%     57.75% |          17      2.99%     60.74% |          20      3.52%     64.26% |          22      3.87%     68.13% |          25      4.40%     72.54% |          17      2.99%     75.53% |          15      2.64%     78.17% |          14      2.46%     80.63% |          15      2.64%     83.27% |          13      2.29%     85.56% |          14      2.46%     88.03% |          12      2.11%     90.14% |          16      2.82%     92.96% |          16      2.82%     95.77% |          24      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         786      3.12%      3.12% |         790      3.13%      6.25% |         670      2.66%      8.90% |         802      3.18%     12.08% |         805      3.19%     15.27% |         803      3.18%     18.46% |         804      3.19%     21.64% |         807      3.20%     24.84% |         802      3.18%     28.02% |         813      3.22%     31.25% |         608      2.41%     33.66% |         811      3.21%     36.87% |         805      3.19%     40.06% |         809      3.21%     43.27% |         806      3.20%     46.46% |         804      3.19%     49.65% |         806      3.20%     52.85% |         802      3.18%     56.03% |         802      3.18%     59.20% |         791      3.14%     62.34% |         786      3.12%     65.46% |         788      3.12%     68.58% |         791      3.14%     71.72% |         783      3.10%     74.82% |         795      3.15%     77.97% |         788      3.12%     81.09% |         803      3.18%     84.28% |         793      3.14%     87.42% |         797      3.16%     90.58% |         790      3.13%     93.71% |         794      3.15%     96.86% |         792      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        25226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.28%      3.28% |         431      3.02%      6.30% |         421      2.95%      9.25% |         429      3.01%     12.26% |         440      3.09%     15.35% |         439      3.08%     18.42% |         438      3.07%     21.50% |         442      3.10%     24.60% |         445      3.12%     27.72% |         453      3.18%     30.89% |         450      3.16%     34.05% |         455      3.19%     37.24% |         473      3.32%     40.56% |         472      3.31%     43.87% |         475      3.33%     47.20% |         460      3.23%     50.43% |         463      3.25%     53.68% |         453      3.18%     56.85% |         448      3.14%     59.99% |         424      2.97%     62.97% |         417      2.92%     65.89% |         437      3.06%     68.96% |         427      2.99%     71.95% |         426      2.99%     74.94% |         458      3.21%     78.15% |         459      3.22%     81.37% |         468      3.28%     84.65% |         439      3.08%     87.73% |         437      3.06%     90.80% |         437      3.06%     93.86% |         447      3.14%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         133     36.34%     36.34% |           1      0.27%     36.61% |           0      0.00%     36.61% |           0      0.00%     36.61% |           2      0.55%     37.16% |           3      0.82%     37.98% |           2      0.55%     38.52% |           2      0.55%     39.07% |         207     56.56%     95.63% |           1      0.27%     95.90% |           2      0.55%     96.45% |           2      0.55%     96.99% |           2      0.55%     97.54% |           2      0.55%     98.09% |           2      0.55%     98.63% |           1      0.27%     98.91% |           1      0.27%     99.18% |           1      0.27%     99.45% |           1      0.27%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           1      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         155      3.12%      3.12% |         150      3.02%      6.13% |         156      3.14%      9.27% |         154      3.10%     12.36% |         157      3.16%     15.52% |         150      3.02%     18.53% |         149      2.99%     21.53% |         162      3.26%     24.78% |         142      2.85%     27.64% |         173      3.48%     31.12% |         136      2.73%     33.85% |         153      3.08%     36.92% |         162      3.26%     40.18% |         158      3.18%     43.36% |         157      3.16%     46.51% |         155      3.12%     49.63% |         165      3.32%     52.94% |         155      3.12%     56.06% |         166      3.34%     59.40% |         158      3.18%     62.57% |         155      3.12%     65.69% |         185      3.72%     69.41% |         155      3.12%     72.52% |         171      3.44%     75.96% |         169      3.40%     79.36% |         155      3.12%     82.47% |         158      3.18%     85.65% |         147      2.95%     88.60% |         137      2.75%     91.36% |         146      2.93%     94.29% |         148      2.97%     97.27% |         136      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         4975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5117      4.17%      4.17% |        3863      3.15%      7.31% |        3914      3.19%     10.50% |        3825      3.12%     13.62% |        3805      3.10%     16.72% |        3815      3.11%     19.82% |        3819      3.11%     22.93% |        3801      3.10%     26.03% |        3825      3.12%     29.15% |        3823      3.11%     32.26% |        3884      3.16%     35.42% |        3776      3.08%     38.50% |        3786      3.08%     41.58% |        3813      3.11%     44.69% |        3812      3.10%     47.79% |        3766      3.07%     50.86% |        3789      3.09%     53.95% |        3785      3.08%     57.03% |        3774      3.07%     60.10% |        3793      3.09%     63.19% |        3799      3.09%     66.29% |        3775      3.07%     69.36% |        3801      3.10%     72.46% |        3733      3.04%     75.50% |        3761      3.06%     78.56% |        3791      3.09%     81.65% |        3756      3.06%     84.71% |        3743      3.05%     87.76% |        3776      3.08%     90.83% |        3742      3.05%     93.88% |        3733      3.04%     96.92% |        3780      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       122775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         566      3.24%      3.24% |         524      3.00%      6.24% |         533      3.05%      9.29% |         527      3.02%     12.31% |         539      3.09%     15.40% |         530      3.03%     18.43% |         529      3.03%     21.46% |         546      3.13%     24.58% |         530      3.03%     27.62% |         573      3.28%     30.90% |         541      3.10%     34.00% |         549      3.14%     37.14% |         576      3.30%     40.44% |         572      3.27%     43.71% |         575      3.29%     47.01% |         561      3.21%     50.22% |         574      3.29%     53.50% |         552      3.16%     56.66% |         556      3.18%     59.85% |         529      3.03%     62.88% |         515      2.95%     65.83% |         571      3.27%     69.09% |         528      3.02%     72.12% |         542      3.10%     75.22% |         569      3.26%     78.48% |         559      3.20%     81.68% |         572      3.27%     84.95% |         530      3.03%     87.99% |         522      2.99%     90.98% |         527      3.02%     93.99% |         541      3.10%     97.09% |         508      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        17466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5273      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5173      3.12%      9.43% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5170      3.12%     18.79% |        5158      3.11%     21.90% |        5155      3.11%     25.01% |        5175      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5169      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.14%     37.52% |        5184      3.13%     40.65% |        5182      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5180      3.13%     56.27% |        5182      3.13%     59.40% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.65% |        5197      3.14%     68.79% |        5169      3.12%     71.91% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5180      3.13%     84.40% |        5167      3.12%     87.52% |        5170      3.12%     90.64% |        5171      3.12%     93.76% |        5181      3.13%     96.89% |        5158      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165674                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          60      2.81%      2.81% |          63      2.95%      5.75% |          68      3.18%      8.93% |          63      2.95%     11.88% |          57      2.67%     14.55% |          62      2.90%     17.45% |          63      2.95%     20.39% |          55      2.57%     22.97% |          51      2.39%     25.35% |          75      3.51%     28.86% |          59      2.76%     31.62% |          59      2.76%     34.38% |          71      3.32%     37.70% |          75      3.51%     41.21% |          62      2.90%     44.11% |          81      3.79%     47.90% |          59      2.76%     50.65% |          70      3.27%     53.93% |          69      3.23%     57.16% |          60      2.81%     59.96% |          79      3.70%     63.66% |          74      3.46%     67.12% |          75      3.51%     70.63% |          60      2.81%     73.43% |          68      3.18%     76.61% |          81      3.79%     80.40% |          69      3.23%     83.63% |          83      3.88%     87.51% |          57      2.67%     90.18% |          76      3.55%     93.73% |          67      3.13%     96.87% |          67      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |         111      2.65%      2.65% |         123      2.93%      5.58% |         123      2.93%      8.51% |         131      3.12%     11.63% |         119      2.84%     14.47% |         120      2.86%     17.33% |         127      3.03%     20.35% |         120      2.86%     23.21% |         140      3.34%     26.55% |         111      2.65%     29.19% |         135      3.22%     32.41% |         153      3.65%     36.06% |         142      3.38%     39.44% |         125      2.98%     42.42% |         122      2.91%     45.33% |         118      2.81%     48.14% |         127      3.03%     51.17% |         112      2.67%     53.84% |         137      3.27%     57.10% |         143      3.41%     60.51% |         150      3.57%     64.08% |         147      3.50%     67.59% |         137      3.27%     70.85% |         146      3.48%     74.33% |         159      3.79%     78.12% |         139      3.31%     81.43% |         139      3.31%     84.75% |         156      3.72%     88.47% |         122      2.91%     91.37% |         130      3.10%     94.47% |         122      2.91%     97.38% |         110      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         4196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         208      2.96%      2.96% |         190      2.70%      5.66% |         215      3.06%      8.71% |         207      2.94%     11.66% |         231      3.28%     14.94% |         221      3.14%     18.08% |         163      2.32%     20.40% |         186      2.64%     23.05% |         226      3.21%     26.26% |         221      3.14%     29.40% |         193      2.74%     32.14% |         234      3.33%     35.47% |         226      3.21%     38.68% |         221      3.14%     41.83% |         232      3.30%     45.12% |         198      2.81%     47.94% |         216      3.07%     51.01% |         204      2.90%     53.91% |         207      2.94%     56.85% |         215      3.06%     59.91% |         264      3.75%     63.66% |         236      3.36%     67.02% |         239      3.40%     70.42% |         255      3.63%     74.04% |         276      3.92%     77.96% |         260      3.70%     81.66% |         251      3.57%     85.23% |         254      3.61%     88.84% |         210      2.99%     91.83% |         210      2.99%     94.81% |         176      2.50%     97.31% |         189      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         7034                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7682      3.17%      3.17% |        7541      3.12%      6.29% |        7601      3.14%      9.43% |        7490      3.10%     12.53% |        7659      3.17%     15.69% |        7517      3.11%     18.80% |        7574      3.13%     21.93% |        7542      3.12%     25.05% |        7621      3.15%     28.19% |        7490      3.10%     31.29% |        7536      3.11%     34.40% |        7572      3.13%     37.53% |        7636      3.16%     40.69% |        7488      3.09%     43.78% |        7502      3.10%     46.88% |        7615      3.15%     50.03% |        7728      3.19%     53.22% |        7488      3.09%     56.32% |        7544      3.12%     59.44% |        7501      3.10%     62.54% |        7689      3.18%     65.71% |        7477      3.09%     68.80% |        7484      3.09%     71.90% |        7474      3.09%     74.98% |        7695      3.18%     78.16% |        7540      3.12%     81.28% |        7499      3.10%     84.38% |        7488      3.09%     87.47% |        7670      3.17%     90.64% |        7603      3.14%     93.79% |        7534      3.11%     96.90% |        7504      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       241984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         172      2.83%      2.83% |         181      2.98%      5.80% |         198      3.26%      9.06% |         205      3.37%     12.43% |         180      2.96%     15.39% |         191      3.14%     18.53% |         154      2.53%     21.07% |         171      2.81%     23.88% |         194      3.19%     27.07% |         177      2.91%     29.98% |         198      3.26%     33.23% |         202      3.32%     36.56% |         210      3.45%     40.01% |         196      3.22%     43.23% |         168      2.76%     46.00% |         183      3.01%     49.01% |         158      2.60%     51.60% |         192      3.16%     54.76% |         194      3.19%     57.95% |         185      3.04%     60.99% |         205      3.37%     64.36% |         206      3.39%     67.75% |         200      3.29%     71.04% |         198      3.26%     74.30% |         210      3.45%     77.75% |         201      3.31%     81.06% |         212      3.49%     84.54% |         212      3.49%     88.03% |         197      3.24%     91.27% |         188      3.09%     94.36% |         162      2.66%     97.02% |         181      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         6081                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         128      3.49%      3.49% |          85      2.32%      5.81% |         101      2.75%      8.56% |         121      3.30%     11.86% |         127      3.46%     15.32% |         102      2.78%     18.10% |          79      2.15%     20.26% |         107      2.92%     23.17% |         134      3.65%     26.83% |         114      3.11%     29.93% |         109      2.97%     32.91% |         116      3.16%     36.07% |         131      3.57%     39.64% |         113      3.08%     42.72% |         116      3.16%     45.88% |          96      2.62%     48.50% |         106      2.89%     51.39% |          96      2.62%     54.01% |         124      3.38%     57.39% |         117      3.19%     60.58% |         124      3.38%     63.96% |         127      3.46%     67.42% |         143      3.90%     71.32% |         147      4.01%     75.33% |         130      3.54%     78.87% |         120      3.27%     82.14% |         126      3.44%     85.58% |         137      3.74%     89.31% |         110      3.00%     92.31% |          96      2.62%     94.93% |         102      2.78%     97.71% |          84      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         3668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51963      6.82%      6.82% |       23821      3.13%      9.95% |       22435      2.95%     12.90% |       23473      3.08%     15.98% |       22824      3.00%     18.97% |       22294      2.93%     21.90% |       21872      2.87%     24.77% |       21932      2.88%     27.65% |       22326      2.93%     30.58% |       22728      2.98%     33.57% |       24457      3.21%     36.78% |       24694      3.24%     40.02% |       23052      3.03%     43.05% |       22465      2.95%     46.00% |       21661      2.84%     48.84% |       21985      2.89%     51.73% |       23129      3.04%     54.77% |       22500      2.95%     57.72% |       22804      2.99%     60.71% |       22862      3.00%     63.72% |       22696      2.98%     66.70% |       24982      3.28%     69.98% |       22392      2.94%     72.92% |       22137      2.91%     75.82% |       22689      2.98%     78.80% |       22967      3.02%     81.82% |       22489      2.95%     84.77% |       22430      2.95%     87.72% |       22545      2.96%     90.68% |       22113      2.90%     93.58% |       23304      3.06%     96.64% |       25600      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       761621                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          63      2.56%      2.56% |          68      2.76%      5.32% |          70      2.84%      8.16% |          81      3.29%     11.45% |          70      2.84%     14.29% |          61      2.48%     16.77% |          58      2.35%     19.12% |          67      2.72%     21.84% |          76      3.09%     24.93% |          62      2.52%     27.45% |          58      2.35%     29.80% |          77      3.13%     32.93% |          83      3.37%     36.30% |          73      2.96%     39.26% |          82      3.33%     42.59% |          83      3.37%     45.96% |          83      3.37%     49.33% |          77      3.13%     52.46% |          72      2.92%     55.38% |          78      3.17%     58.55% |          96      3.90%     62.44% |          76      3.09%     65.53% |          97      3.94%     69.47% |          93      3.78%     73.24% |          94      3.82%     77.06% |          87      3.53%     80.59% |          99      4.02%     84.61% |          96      3.90%     88.51% |          62      2.52%     91.03% |          71      2.88%     93.91% |          74      3.00%     96.91% |          76      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         2463                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          44      3.00%      3.00% |          35      2.38%      5.38% |          58      3.95%      9.33% |          41      2.79%     12.13% |          45      3.07%     15.19% |          39      2.66%     17.85% |          44      3.00%     20.84% |          45      3.07%     23.91% |          53      3.61%     27.52% |          43      2.93%     30.45% |          35      2.38%     32.83% |          55      3.75%     36.58% |          43      2.93%     39.51% |          44      3.00%     42.51% |          41      2.79%     45.30% |          34      2.32%     47.62% |          37      2.52%     50.14% |          38      2.59%     52.72% |          43      2.93%     55.65% |          50      3.41%     59.06% |          52      3.54%     62.60% |          55      3.75%     66.35% |          41      2.79%     69.14% |          67      4.56%     73.71% |          56      3.81%     77.52% |          46      3.13%     80.65% |          48      3.27%     83.92% |          48      3.27%     87.19% |          47      3.20%     90.40% |          40      2.72%     93.12% |          49      3.34%     96.46% |          52      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          17      2.45%      2.45% |          21      3.03%      5.48% |          19      2.74%      8.21% |          17      2.45%     10.66% |          23      3.31%     13.98% |          21      3.03%     17.00% |          22      3.17%     20.17% |          18      2.59%     22.77% |          28      4.03%     26.80% |          23      3.31%     30.12% |          23      3.31%     33.43% |          15      2.16%     35.59% |          17      2.45%     38.04% |          24      3.46%     41.50% |          23      3.31%     44.81% |          27      3.89%     48.70% |          25      3.60%     52.31% |          26      3.75%     56.05% |          19      2.74%     58.79% |          22      3.17%     61.96% |          19      2.74%     64.70% |          24      3.46%     68.16% |          20      2.88%     71.04% |          25      3.60%     74.64% |          15      2.16%     76.80% |          26      3.75%     80.55% |          23      3.31%     83.86% |          26      3.75%     87.61% |          24      3.46%     91.07% |          19      2.74%     93.80% |          20      2.88%     96.69% |          23      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6622      3.25%      3.25% |        6453      3.17%      6.42% |        6434      3.16%      9.58% |        6307      3.10%     12.68% |        6550      3.22%     15.90% |        6364      3.13%     19.03% |        6414      3.15%     22.18% |        6353      3.12%     25.30% |        6381      3.13%     28.43% |        6285      3.09%     31.52% |        6312      3.10%     34.62% |        6198      3.04%     37.66% |        6358      3.12%     40.79% |        6257      3.07%     43.86% |        6117      3.00%     46.87% |        6382      3.14%     50.00% |        6471      3.18%     53.18% |        6286      3.09%     56.27% |        6441      3.16%     59.43% |        6309      3.10%     62.53% |        6467      3.18%     65.71% |        6311      3.10%     68.81% |        6302      3.10%     71.90% |        6163      3.03%     74.93% |        6348      3.12%     78.05% |        6331      3.11%     81.16% |        6296      3.09%     84.25% |        6330      3.11%     87.36% |        6529      3.21%     90.57% |        6388      3.14%     93.71% |        6419      3.15%     96.86% |        6390      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       203568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         848      3.20%      3.20% |         837      3.16%      6.36% |         833      3.14%      9.50% |         821      3.10%     12.60% |         848      3.20%     15.80% |         836      3.15%     18.95% |         831      3.14%     22.09% |         826      3.12%     25.21% |         836      3.15%     28.36% |         818      3.09%     31.45% |         839      3.17%     34.61% |         811      3.06%     37.67% |         807      3.05%     40.72% |         826      3.12%     43.84% |         822      3.10%     46.94% |         828      3.12%     50.06% |         817      3.08%     53.15% |         822      3.10%     56.25% |         824      3.11%     59.36% |         822      3.10%     62.46% |         827      3.12%     65.58% |         805      3.04%     68.62% |         835      3.15%     71.77% |         816      3.08%     74.85% |         795      3.00%     77.85% |         820      3.09%     80.94% |         806      3.04%     83.98% |         845      3.19%     87.17% |         855      3.23%     90.40% |         838      3.16%     93.56% |         848      3.20%     96.76% |         859      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        26501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         113      1.28%      1.28% |         156      1.77%      3.06% |         233      2.65%      5.71% |         265      3.01%      8.72% |         163      1.85%     10.57% |         224      2.55%     13.12% |         241      2.74%     15.86% |         263      2.99%     18.85% |         323      3.67%     22.52% |         273      3.10%     25.62% |         311      3.54%     29.16% |         470      5.34%     34.50% |         367      4.17%     38.67% |         308      3.50%     42.17% |         464      5.27%     47.45% |         311      3.54%     50.98% |         335      3.81%     54.79% |         284      3.23%     58.02% |         162      1.84%     59.86% |         268      3.05%     62.91% |         298      3.39%     66.30% |         234      2.66%     68.96% |         250      2.84%     71.80% |         382      4.34%     76.14% |         440      5.00%     81.14% |         292      3.32%     84.46% |         296      3.36%     87.83% |         224      2.55%     90.37% |         204      2.32%     92.69% |         289      3.29%     95.98% |         177      2.01%     97.99% |         177      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         8797                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.15%      1.15% |           2      2.30%      3.45% |           2      2.30%      5.75% |           2      2.30%      8.05% |           3      3.45%     11.49% |           0      0.00%     11.49% |           1      1.15%     12.64% |           3      3.45%     16.09% |           2      2.30%     18.39% |           2      2.30%     20.69% |           3      3.45%     24.14% |           4      4.60%     28.74% |           4      4.60%     33.33% |           5      5.75%     39.08% |           3      3.45%     42.53% |           5      5.75%     48.28% |           3      3.45%     51.72% |           1      1.15%     52.87% |           1      1.15%     54.02% |           6      6.90%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           3      3.45%     66.67% |           7      8.05%     74.71% |           4      4.60%     79.31% |           3      3.45%     82.76% |           7      8.05%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           1      1.15%     95.40% |           2      2.30%     97.70% |           1      1.15%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |         107      1.32%      1.32% |         145      1.79%      3.11% |         212      2.62%      5.73% |         241      2.98%      8.71% |         152      1.88%     10.58% |         199      2.46%     13.04% |         220      2.72%     15.76% |         246      3.04%     18.79% |         294      3.63%     22.43% |         256      3.16%     25.59% |         289      3.57%     29.16% |         424      5.24%     34.39% |         338      4.17%     38.57% |         285      3.52%     42.08% |         428      5.29%     47.37% |         293      3.62%     50.99% |         308      3.80%     54.79% |         255      3.15%     57.94% |         150      1.85%     59.79% |         247      3.05%     62.84% |         274      3.38%     66.23% |         223      2.75%     68.98% |         230      2.84%     71.82% |         358      4.42%     76.24% |         405      5.00%     81.24% |         259      3.20%     84.44% |         260      3.21%     87.65% |         211      2.61%     90.26% |         189      2.33%     92.59% |         267      3.30%     95.89% |         170      2.10%     97.99% |         163      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         8098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           6      0.86%      0.86% |          11      1.57%      2.43% |          21      3.00%      5.44% |          24      3.43%      8.87% |          11      1.57%     10.44% |          25      3.58%     14.02% |          21      3.00%     17.02% |          17      2.43%     19.46% |          29      4.15%     23.61% |          17      2.43%     26.04% |          22      3.15%     29.18% |          46      6.58%     35.77% |          29      4.15%     39.91% |          23      3.29%     43.20% |          36      5.15%     48.35% |          18      2.58%     50.93% |          27      3.86%     54.79% |          29      4.15%     58.94% |          12      1.72%     60.66% |          21      3.00%     63.66% |          24      3.43%     67.10% |          11      1.57%     68.67% |          20      2.86%     71.53% |          24      3.43%     74.96% |          35      5.01%     79.97% |          33      4.72%     84.69% |          36      5.15%     89.84% |          13      1.86%     91.70% |          15      2.15%     93.85% |          22      3.15%     97.00% |           7      1.00%     98.00% |          14      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          699                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          23      2.92%      2.92% |          26      3.30%      6.22% |          25      3.17%      9.39% |          34      4.31%     13.71% |          23      2.92%     16.62% |          28      3.55%     20.18% |          24      3.05%     23.22% |          31      3.93%     27.16% |          27      3.43%     30.58% |          21      2.66%     33.25% |          19      2.41%     35.66% |          22      2.79%     38.45% |          27      3.43%     41.88% |          27      3.43%     45.30% |          25      3.17%     48.48% |          21      2.66%     51.14% |          16      2.03%     53.17% |          32      4.06%     57.23% |          27      3.43%     60.66% |          22      2.79%     63.45% |          28      3.55%     67.01% |          33      4.19%     71.19% |          17      2.16%     73.35% |          16      2.03%     75.38% |          18      2.28%     77.66% |          25      3.17%     80.84% |          30      3.81%     84.64% |          21      2.66%     87.31% |          25      3.17%     90.48% |          24      3.05%     93.53% |          27      3.43%     96.95% |          24      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          788                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          16      3.08%      3.08% |          11      2.12%      5.20% |          15      2.89%      8.09% |          16      3.08%     11.18% |          13      2.50%     13.68% |          15      2.89%     16.57% |          10      1.93%     18.50% |          16      3.08%     21.58% |          12      2.31%     23.89% |          16      3.08%     26.97% |          10      1.93%     28.90% |          20      3.85%     32.76% |          19      3.66%     36.42% |          14      2.70%     39.11% |          24      4.62%     43.74% |          13      2.50%     46.24% |          17      3.28%     49.52% |          18      3.47%     52.99% |          12      2.31%     55.30% |          11      2.12%     57.42% |          20      3.85%     61.27% |          25      4.82%     66.09% |          14      2.70%     68.79% |          13      2.50%     71.29% |          27      5.20%     76.49% |          18      3.47%     79.96% |          28      5.39%     85.36% |          21      4.05%     89.40% |          13      2.50%     91.91% |          17      3.28%     95.18% |          12      2.31%     97.50% |          13      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          13      3.65%      3.65% |           4      1.12%      4.78% |          14      3.93%      8.71% |          14      3.93%     12.64% |           9      2.53%     15.17% |          12      3.37%     18.54% |          14      3.93%     22.47% |           9      2.53%     25.00% |          12      3.37%     28.37% |          11      3.09%     31.46% |          17      4.78%     36.24% |          18      5.06%     41.29% |          15      4.21%     45.51% |          12      3.37%     48.88% |          13      3.65%     52.53% |          11      3.09%     55.62% |           5      1.40%     57.02% |          10      2.81%     59.83% |          11      3.09%     62.92% |          12      3.37%     66.29% |          16      4.49%     70.79% |           9      2.53%     73.31% |           5      1.40%     74.72% |           4      1.12%     75.84% |           9      2.53%     78.37% |           7      1.97%     80.34% |          16      4.49%     84.83% |          11      3.09%     87.92% |          14      3.93%     91.85% |           9      2.53%     94.38% |           8      2.25%     96.63% |          12      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          356                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7470      3.25%      3.25% |        7290      3.17%      6.42% |        7267      3.16%      9.57% |        7128      3.10%     12.67% |        7398      3.22%     15.89% |        7200      3.13%     19.02% |        7245      3.15%     22.17% |        7179      3.12%     25.29% |        7217      3.14%     28.42% |        7103      3.09%     31.51% |        7151      3.11%     34.62% |        7009      3.05%     37.67% |        7165      3.11%     40.78% |        7083      3.08%     43.86% |        6939      3.02%     46.87% |        7210      3.13%     50.01% |        7288      3.17%     53.18% |        7108      3.09%     56.27% |        7265      3.16%     59.42% |        7131      3.10%     62.52% |        7294      3.17%     65.69% |        7116      3.09%     68.79% |        7137      3.10%     71.89% |        6979      3.03%     74.92% |        7143      3.10%     78.03% |        7151      3.11%     81.13% |        7102      3.09%     84.22% |        7175      3.12%     87.34% |        7384      3.21%     90.55% |        7226      3.14%     93.69% |        7267      3.16%     96.85% |        7249      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       230069                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      304229     18.12%     18.12% |      839462     50.00%     68.12% |       33995      2.02%     70.15% |       36985      2.20%     72.35% |       34473      2.05%     74.40% |       37886      2.26%     76.66% |       35247      2.10%     78.76% |       38977      2.32%     81.08% |       30170      1.80%     82.88% |       31957      1.90%     84.78% |       30347      1.81%     86.59% |       32087      1.91%     88.50% |       34233      2.04%     90.54% |       31419      1.87%     92.41% |       28687      1.71%     94.12% |       30711      1.83%     95.95% |       32748      1.95%     97.90% |       35311      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1678924                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      304229     18.12%     18.12% |      839462     50.00%     68.12% |       33995      2.02%     70.15% |       36985      2.20%     72.35% |       34473      2.05%     74.40% |       37886      2.26%     76.66% |       35247      2.10%     78.76% |       38977      2.32%     81.08% |       30170      1.80%     82.88% |       31957      1.90%     84.78% |       30347      1.81%     86.59% |       32087      1.91%     88.50% |       34233      2.04%     90.54% |       31419      1.87%     92.41% |       28687      1.71%     94.12% |       30711      1.83%     95.95% |       32748      1.95%     97.90% |       35311      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1678924                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      304229     18.12%     18.12% |      839462     50.00%     68.12% |       33995      2.02%     70.15% |       36985      2.20%     72.35% |       34473      2.05%     74.40% |       37886      2.26%     76.66% |       35247      2.10%     78.76% |       38977      2.32%     81.08% |       30170      1.80%     82.88% |       31957      1.90%     84.78% |       30347      1.81%     86.59% |       32087      1.91%     88.50% |       34233      2.04%     90.54% |       31419      1.87%     92.41% |       28687      1.71%     94.12% |       30711      1.83%     95.95% |       32748      1.95%     97.90% |       35311      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1678924                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      304229     18.12%     18.12% |      839462     50.00%     68.12% |       33995      2.02%     70.15% |       36985      2.20%     72.35% |       34473      2.05%     74.40% |       37886      2.26%     76.66% |       35247      2.10%     78.76% |       38977      2.32%     81.08% |       30170      1.80%     82.88% |       31957      1.90%     84.78% |       30347      1.81%     86.59% |       32087      1.91%     88.50% |       34233      2.04%     90.54% |       31419      1.87%     92.41% |       28687      1.71%     94.12% |       30711      1.83%     95.95% |       32748      1.95%     97.90% |       35311      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1678924                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
