
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.127509                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                127509121500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5303677200000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  47368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    82233                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93996578                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                9547524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1356.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64256008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     111550977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41748544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          41748544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19582720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19582720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       652321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             652321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       305980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            305980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    327416137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            327416137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    153578974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           153578974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    480995111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           480995111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     652321                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    305980                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   652321                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  305980                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              41733696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  14848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19582464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               41748544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19582720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            40740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            40744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            41582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            40543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            40357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           18928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      744                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5480                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 127508717500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               652321                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              305980                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 246655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  84847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  69686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  58778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  46886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  36567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  28019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  20343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  13752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  10443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  7865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  49872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  54503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  58045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  58929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  10799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   7196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  10010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       280372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.694591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.932686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.340924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        79401     28.32%     28.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        84942     30.30%     58.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72653     25.91%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19918      7.10%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17353      6.19%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2778      0.99%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1661      0.59%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1170      0.42%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          496      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       280372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.897112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.779295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        50117     99.12%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          297      0.59%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           63      0.12%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           34      0.07%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           11      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.051741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.776572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.259306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42538     84.13%     84.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5741     11.35%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1391      2.75%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          890      1.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 27941768017                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40168436767                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3260445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    42849.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               61599.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      327.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      153.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   327.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   153.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  493728                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 183963                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    133057.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20291051750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4257760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   102959342250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1065385440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1054226880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              581311500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              575223000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2552121000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2534134200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            994718880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            988005600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        54584187525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        54120280770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28623867750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        29030803500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96729770655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          96630852510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          758.617923                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          757.842142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41148480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41148480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19013952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19013952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       642945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             642945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       297093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            297093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    322710089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            322710089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    149118367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           149118367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    471828457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           471828457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     642945                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    297093                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   642945                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  297093                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41134592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  13888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19013824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41148480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19013952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   217                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            40439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            39911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            39883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            39958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            40676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            39975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            39944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           39570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           39584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           39596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           40441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           40417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            18760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            18849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      915                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5495                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 127508455000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               642945                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              297093                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 239145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  84036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  68650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  58184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  46978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  36948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  28000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  20151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  13656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  10380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  7773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  5894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  1092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  48221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  52625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  54807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  56468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  57423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  10653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   6982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   9914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       266670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.552541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.487975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.534149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        72890     27.33%     27.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        77454     29.04%     56.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72670     27.25%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19969      7.49%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17469      6.55%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2812      1.05%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1725      0.65%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1175      0.44%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          506      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       266670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.154482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.830031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48436     99.13%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          272      0.56%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           66      0.14%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           37      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            8      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.080517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.800199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.275056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40832     83.57%     83.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5796     11.86%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1381      2.83%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          850      1.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 27823178032                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            39874328032                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3213640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    43289.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               62039.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      322.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      149.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   322.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   149.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  490496                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 182650                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    135641.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20783473500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4257760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   102466692500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1015943040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1000059480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              554334000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              545667375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2517847800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2495352600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            966330000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            958800240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        53374970430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        53147522475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29684598000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29884113750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          96442201830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          96359694480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          756.362487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          755.715411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41060736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41060736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19000768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19000768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       641574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             641574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       296887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            296887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    322021950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            322021950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    149014971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           149014971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    471036921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           471036921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     641574                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    296887                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   641574                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  296887                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41050432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  10304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19000768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41060736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19000768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            40333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            39817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            39832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            40458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            39878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            39764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           39792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           39518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           39463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           40412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           40269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            18731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            18790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1207                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5791                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 127509070500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               641574                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              296887                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 240135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  84032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  68783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  57274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  47048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  36493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  28050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  20108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  13446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  10157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  7617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  1386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  48219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  52571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  54368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  56104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  56706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  10847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   7465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  10607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       265724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.989433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.000081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.307370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        72223     27.18%     27.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        77152     29.03%     56.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72780     27.39%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19896      7.49%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17573      6.61%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2756      1.04%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1638      0.62%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1216      0.46%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          490      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       265724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.126763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.015831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48424     99.10%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          282      0.58%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           72      0.15%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           37      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           17      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.075906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.794001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.285994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40957     83.82%     83.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5627     11.52%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1427      2.92%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          852      1.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 27746472439                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            39772966189                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3207065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    43258.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               62008.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      321.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      149.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   322.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   149.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  489575                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 182996                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    135870.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20912663250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4257760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   102337846250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1011074400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              997791480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              551677500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              544429875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2511919800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2491070400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            965150640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            958644720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        53611884945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        53100075960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29476784250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29925739500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          96456670095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          96345930495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          756.475897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          755.607405                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41112768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41112768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       642387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             642387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       296994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            296994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    322430015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            322430015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    149068677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           149068677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    471498692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           471498692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     642387                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    296994                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   642387                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  296994                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41100672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  12096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19007360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41112768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19007616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            40288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            39807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            40633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            39836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            39621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           39873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           39591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           39645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           40467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           40558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            18715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            18789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            18540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           18596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      794                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5047                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 127508104000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               642387                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              296994                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 240929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  84537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  69426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  57746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  46707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  36460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  27516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  19931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  13431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  10045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  7497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  48296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  52856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  54954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  56641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  57393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  10425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   9460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       265668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.250508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.033213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.755606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        72462     27.28%     27.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76877     28.94%     56.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72517     27.30%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20021      7.54%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17596      6.62%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2759      1.04%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1748      0.66%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1199      0.45%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          489      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       265668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.125061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.389762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48481     99.09%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          297      0.61%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           59      0.12%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           37      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           20      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           13      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.069940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.791074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.269652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          41015     83.83%     83.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5696     11.64%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1385      2.83%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          832      1.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 27416461959                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            39457674459                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3210990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    42691.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               61441.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      322.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      149.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   322.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   149.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  489862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 183655                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    135736.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20350447250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4257760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   102899829750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1009577520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              998872560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              550860750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              545019750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2514236400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2494845600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            965474640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            959020560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8328178560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        53347135905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        52882257015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29709000750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30116789250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          96424464525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          96324983295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          756.223513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          755.443316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1481                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1481                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              254                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              547540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              134540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1993500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26647023                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 45.183215                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.644067                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                68.126817                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    25155407     94.40%     94.40% |      772968      2.90%     97.30% |      425094      1.60%     98.90% |      206770      0.78%     99.67% |       47793      0.18%     99.85% |       27140      0.10%     99.96% |       10197      0.04%     99.99% |        1567      0.01%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26647023                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     49275883                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.289864                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.750216                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.734954                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    45159198     91.65%     91.65% |     2073029      4.21%     95.85% |      819336      1.66%     97.52% |      671708      1.36%     98.88% |      313595      0.64%     99.51% |      132399      0.27%     99.78% |       53391      0.11%     99.89% |       37955      0.08%     99.97% |       15272      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      49275883                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            49275879                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              26.747961                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.400393                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             97.734420                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    49233133     99.91%     99.91% |       41278      0.08%    100.00% |        1240      0.00%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              49275879                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        44790352                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000258                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000208                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020977                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    44781275     99.98%     99.98% |        8454      0.02%    100.00% |         538      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          44790352                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4485527                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        263.881299                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       201.597284                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       207.533980                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4442781     99.05%     99.05% |       41278      0.92%     99.97% |        1240      0.03%     99.99% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4485527                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        1597935                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      1597935                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     33163556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       897925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     34061481                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     11622492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     11749151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      2387315                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        38102                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       700301                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2037086                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64018                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       205378                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       205535                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432521                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       205077                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          547                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       205515                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          475                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432677                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       205706                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       205424                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       205422                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       205408                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       135430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        92147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227577                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        54190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        82983                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137173                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        54621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        53465                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83307                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83773                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        53074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136655                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        51482                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        83320                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        51545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        83338                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134883                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        53038                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        83242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        53221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        82993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136214                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        53149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        82820                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135969                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        82919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        52551                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83036                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135587                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        52508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        67496                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83484                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        61230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144313                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        51935                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        83169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       135104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        52487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        83281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135768                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        53040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        83126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        52332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        82921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        83035                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        53765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        83315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        54081                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137481                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        57675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        64168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        83286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        83459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        83400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        52039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83299                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        51047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        83353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        51636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        83448                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       135084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        54026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        83282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles       325775                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     28194935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     28194935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     28947886                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     28194935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     15069190                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     14963487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     28194935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.110560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     21084142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     21084142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22062353                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21084142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity     13421507                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity     13212778                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     21084142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.082677                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15522774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15522774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16217515                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15522774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7264677                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7195270                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15522774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.060869                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14650397                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14650397                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15355577                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14650397                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7022139                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6963613                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14650397                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.057448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     15482990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     15482990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16233753                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15482990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8320127                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8211910                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     15482990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.060713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14422907                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14422907                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15266025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14422907                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7412822                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7354527                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14422907                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.056556                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16742445                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16742445                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17714957                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16742445                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7263253                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7179725                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16742444                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.065652                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14753377                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14753377                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15762644                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14753377                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6745785                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6684177                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14753377                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.057852                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10532166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10532166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10937603                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10532166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5047566                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5009266                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10532166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.041300                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     12296225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     12296225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12962610                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12296225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6136579                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6076781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     12296225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.048217                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8315949                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8315949                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8666475                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8315949                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3548541                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3502201                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8315949                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.032609                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6379365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6379365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6418071                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6379365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2857362                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2856581                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6379365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.025015                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6957393                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6957393                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7016385                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6957393                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3380563                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3379089                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6957393                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.027282                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6473620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6473620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6518149                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6473620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2890098                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2889136                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6473620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.025385                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4243060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4243060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4316635                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4243060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1707250                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1704388                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4243060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.016638                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5877863                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5877863                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6017182                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5877863                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2423263                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2418623                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5877863                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.023049                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7039707                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7039707                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7125342                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7039707                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2737323                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2735383                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7039707                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.027605                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6239787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6239787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6326097                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6239787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2479792                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2478199                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6239787                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.024468                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5725696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5725696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5835865                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5725696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2430908                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2428360                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5725696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.022452                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3299973                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3299973                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3405474                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3299973                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1397609                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1395057                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3299973                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.012940                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3213503                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3213503                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3222161                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3213503                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1533089                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1532859                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3213503                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.012601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3803437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3803437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3817978                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3803437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1978571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1977121                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3803437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.014914                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3574704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3574704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3589068                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3574704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1728380                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1727928                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3574704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.014017                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2180100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2180100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2180100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2180100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       968236                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       968236                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2180100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008549                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3160649                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3160649                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3169407                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3160649                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1482168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1481953                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3160649                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.012394                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3591789                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3591789                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3605260                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3591789                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1862196                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1861013                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3591789                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.014084                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3475805                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3475805                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3489166                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3475805                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1671869                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1671557                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3475805                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.013630                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2189399                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2189399                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2189399                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2189399                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       970747                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       970747                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2189399                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008585                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14273213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14273213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15060868                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14273213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6550792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6534073                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14273213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.055969                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13421168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13421168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13908914                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13421166                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5986040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5975121                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13421165                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.052628                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     13909040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     13909040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14784110                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13909040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5974261                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5933548                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     13909040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.054541                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14041656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14041656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14728971                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14041656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6127149                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6107016                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14041656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.055061                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    24024867     30.82%     30.82% |    49552423     63.57%     94.39% |     4376867      5.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     77954157                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    24024868     30.82%     30.82% |    49552428     63.57%     94.39% |     4376869      5.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     77954165                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   773151261                       |  1244673618                       |   104110493                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1010779590                       |   196625979                       |     4376900                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.181292                       |   25.118320                       |   23.786533                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   42.072224                       |    3.968040                       |    1.000008                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.220298                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    15.544809                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         42.765107                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004876                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.113054      7.53%      7.53% |    0.112525      7.49%     15.02% |    0.109448      7.29%     22.31% |    0.109257      7.27%     29.58% |    0.243953     16.24%     45.82% |    0.239641     15.96%     61.78% |    0.243854     16.24%     78.01% |    0.239515     15.95%     93.96% |    0.022672      1.51%     95.47% |    0.022676      1.51%     96.98% |    0.022673      1.51%     98.49% |    0.022674      1.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.501945                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.037383                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022153                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006886                       |    0.006909                       |    0.006901                       |    0.006869                       |    0.006824                       |    0.006904                       |    0.006876                       |    0.006871                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006718                       |    0.004383                       |    0.004346                       |    0.004399                       |    0.004354                       |    0.004353                       |    0.004340                       |    0.004322                       |    0.004337                       |    0.004382                       |    0.004401                       |    0.004376                       |    0.004349                       |    0.004373                       |    0.004326                       |    0.004331                       |    0.004361                       |    0.004358                       |    0.004353                       |    0.004353                       |    0.004354                       |    0.004714                       |    0.004552                       |    0.004338                       |    0.004353                       |    0.004361                       |    0.004340                       |    0.004366                       |    0.004382                       |    0.004388                       |    0.004466                       |    0.004624                       |    0.015341                       |    0.015119                       |    0.015087                       |    0.015106                       |    0.000095                       |           0                       |    0.006226                       |    0.012493                       |    0.000781                       |    0.000785                       |    0.000782                       |    0.000785                       |    0.000783                       |    0.000785                       |    0.000782                       |    0.000784                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004236                       |    0.000096                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004450                       |    0.003819                       |    0.010109                       |    0.004201                       |    0.000782                       |    0.006398                       |    0.013457                       |    0.006353                       |           0                       |    0.004258                       |    0.009815                       |           0                       |    0.014812                       |    0.019526                       |    0.007559                       |    0.010125                       |    0.004206                       |    0.000781                       |    0.016069                       |    0.016037                       |    0.013651                       |    0.010119                       |    0.004251                       |    0.000785                       |    0.017415                       |    0.014308                       |    0.010570                       |           0                       |    0.004242                       |    0.009602                       |           0                       |    0.017338                       |    0.012696                       |    0.008750                       |           0                       |    0.004229                       |           0                       |    0.008729                       |    0.006343                       |    0.005714                       |           0                       |    0.004227                       |           0                       |    0.004353                       |    0.003813                       |           0                       |    0.004514                       |           0                       |    0.001753                       |    0.004714                       |    0.003933                       |    0.010117                       |    0.004216                       |    0.000784                       |    0.010043                       |    0.005479                       |    0.013764                       |    0.003813                       |    0.010120                       |    0.004214                       |    0.000782                       |    0.006721                       |    0.014167                       |    0.019593                       |    0.005115                       |    0.023668                       |    0.005887                       |    0.006226                       |    0.011914                       |    0.020242                       |    0.031075                       |    0.011547                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004226                       |    0.012493                       |    0.011981                       |    0.023670                       |    0.018786                       |    0.011520                       |    0.010106                       |    0.004203                       |    0.000785                       |    0.010083                       |    0.014821                       |    0.010117                       |    0.006441                       |           0                       |    0.004216                       |           0                       |    0.003590                       |    0.008710                       |    0.005052                       |    0.005714                       |           0                       |    0.004219                       |           0                       |    0.001697                       |    0.004361                       |    0.003808                       |           0                       |    0.004352                       |           0                       |    0.000903                       |    0.004552                       |    0.004211                       |           0                       |    0.004244                       |           0                       |    0.010946                       |    0.005533                       |    0.007694                       |    0.004193                       |           0                       |    0.004330                       |    0.009588                       |           0                       |    0.007111                       |    0.014803                       |    0.014516                       |    0.004194                       |    0.010100                       |    0.004202                       |    0.000783                       |    0.018548                       |    0.016069                       |    0.011730                       |    0.004220                       |    0.010118                       |    0.004187                       |    0.000785                       |    0.009335                       |    0.017542                       |    0.011674                       |    0.004211                       |           0                       |    0.004428                       |    0.009596                       |           0                       |    0.008302                       |    0.017562                       |    0.010958                       |    0.004215                       |           0                       |    0.004228                       |           0                       |    0.002741                       |    0.008713                       |    0.005482                       |    0.004222                       |           0                       |    0.004211                       |           0                       |    0.000859                       |    0.004340                       |    0.004219                       |           0                       |    0.004211                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004338                       |           0                       |    0.004193                       |           0                       |    0.005041                       |           0                       |    0.007404                       |           0                       |    0.004194                       |           0                       |    0.006110                       |    0.003781                       |    0.008963                       |           0                       |    0.004220                       |           0                       |    0.010100                       |    0.007120                       |    0.006166                       |           0                       |    0.004211                       |           0                       |    0.005030                       |    0.010061                       |    0.005166                       |           0                       |    0.004215                       |           0                       |    0.008504                       |    0.009733                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004222                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.008719                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004219                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004366                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.501945                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9911144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9911144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       390031                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      7069154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6452876                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     91.282153                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         1025850                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30142                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             19574020                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86402                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21508671                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181265                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         19660422                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21689936                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  41082691                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267667                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              41350358                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             11756267                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9711                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         11765978                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  11756267                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9711                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              11765978                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                251471861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     38436827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               72662659                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9911144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      7478726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             207553178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       303242                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       344485                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11755599                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        231016                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3963                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    247422085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.523929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.750848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        222645282     89.99%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2158040      0.87%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3255332      1.32%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1024477      0.41%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3382530      1.37%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1797004      0.73%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          4624268      1.87%     96.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           652398      0.26%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7882754      3.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    247422085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.039413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.288949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13900294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     215950611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6894325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      10222770                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454078                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      125142284                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454078                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16877397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       131952181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13490441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          13504685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71143296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      123139101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11040994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    131282971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     278697824                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    186013810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     117785678                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13497291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          62080436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     10440917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21921606                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3564964                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3338202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          120872246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1017803                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         126745717                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326755                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10019461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14634994                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    247422085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.512265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.206385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192029898     77.61%     77.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24818080     10.03%     87.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11691836      4.73%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7428594      3.00%     95.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4119331      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5418009      2.19%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083533      0.44%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472816      0.19%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359988      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    247422085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113391      9.70%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913430     78.18%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141601     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417317      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      86247730     68.05%     68.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52413      0.04%     68.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52164      0.04%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18249053     14.40%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21727031     17.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      126745717                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.504016                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502408534                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    131918197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117424107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      127496738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3419744                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1472470                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2669                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9051                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741502                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10919534                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454078                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7930152                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     112084230                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121890049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      10440917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21921606                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1008363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         469782                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9051                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131528                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461641                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     126033431                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      18033880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             39554852                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8469015                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21520972                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.501183                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              117532746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             117424161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          61874679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          99948543                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.466948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.619065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10253093                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       880686                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    245737534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.453944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.356722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203195278     82.69%     82.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     18389323      7.48%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11344972      4.62%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2910919      1.18%     95.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2457479      1.00%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1557931      0.63%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155330      0.47%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       623017      0.25%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4103285      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    245737534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64256007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      111550974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               30148550                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               8968446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7943790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         110678023                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       941464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178744      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     81121614     72.72%     72.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51130      0.05%     72.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50927      0.05%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      8968446      8.04%     81.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21180104     18.99%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    111550974                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4103285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            363187685                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           245303306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4049776                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64256007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             111550974                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.913593                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.913593                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.255520                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.255520                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        193275448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        86544362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          37312955                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         37537323                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        56445600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357662                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              14895739000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            14895738999.999981                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.07374e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+10-1.18112e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.18112e+10-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.39586e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.39586e+10-1.50324e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50324e+10-1.61061e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-1.82536e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.82536e+10-1.93274e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.93274e+10-2.04011e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.04011e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12477923                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        66.271431                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.758615                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       94.606995                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    10986406     88.05%     88.05% |      772869      6.19%     94.24% |      425094      3.41%     97.65% |      206770      1.66%     99.30% |       47793      0.38%     99.69% |       27140      0.22%     99.91% |       10197      0.08%     99.99% |        1567      0.01%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12477923                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13855221                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.653649                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.396926                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.505881                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     9208508     66.46%     66.46% |     4622012     33.36%     99.82% |       23522      0.17%     99.99% |        1080      0.01%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13855221                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        313879                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.774397                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       22.978836                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.138396                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6292      2.00%      2.00% |       38173     12.16%     14.17% |      117669     37.49%     51.65% |       67909     21.64%     73.29% |       65051     20.72%     94.02% |       15298      4.87%     98.89% |        3336      1.06%     99.95% |         143      0.05%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          313879                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         15085465                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           45.365647                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.278792                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         120.596512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    14871594     98.58%     98.58% |      195376      1.30%     99.88% |       16263      0.11%     99.99% |        1759      0.01%    100.00% |         330      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           15085465                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     12373731                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000677                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.033305                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12366863     99.94%     99.94% |        6552      0.05%    100.00% |         243      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       12373731                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711734                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     238.678392                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    182.442845                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    188.006825                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2497863     92.11%     92.11% |      195376      7.20%     99.32% |       16263      0.60%     99.92% |        1759      0.06%     99.98% |         330      0.01%     99.99% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711734                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22161354                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           26.376703                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.161618                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         103.652530                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22137108     99.89%     99.89% |       23251      0.10%    100.00% |         802      0.00%    100.00% |         151      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22161354                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20535104                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000150                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000118                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016921                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20532997     99.99%     99.99% |        1488      0.01%    100.00% |         312      0.00%    100.00% |         268      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20535104                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1626250                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     321.558830                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    259.357866                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    228.859212                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1602004     98.51%     98.51% |       23251      1.43%     99.94% |         802      0.05%     99.99% |         151      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1626250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     11749148                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.920044                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.106774                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.914751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    11745809     99.97%     99.97% |        3047      0.03%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       11749148                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     11622492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11622491    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     11622492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126656                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.347137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.924309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    62.012816                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123317     97.36%     97.36% |        3047      2.41%     99.77% |         259      0.20%     99.97% |          28      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.984307                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.868718                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.227360                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273509     98.17%     98.17% |        3869      1.39%     99.56% |        1020      0.37%     99.93% |          93      0.03%     99.96% |          54      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257748                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019792                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257647     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257748                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20854                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.662655                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.543279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    83.716768                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15761     75.58%     75.58% |        3869     18.55%     94.13% |        1020      4.89%     99.02% |          93      0.45%     99.47% |          54      0.26%     99.73% |          50      0.24%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20854                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks      1541355                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     29261824                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        46405                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     5704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     5370                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     5402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     5379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     5871                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     5892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     5815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     5304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     5156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    5304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                    5837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    5390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    5458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    6208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    5312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 138712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 283430                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 139014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 283421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 138545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 282908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 138601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 283496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                 139424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 283644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                139112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                282963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                139026                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                283342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                138208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                283488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    75595                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   154154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    75660                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   153738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    75554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   153735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    75420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   153956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    75916                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   153876                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   75698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  153559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   75807                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  153862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   75597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  153852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                52757171                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                64347106                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                52024577                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                82201713                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                55722876                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                89046945                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                49880848                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                69207878                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                45568816                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                71503434                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               45841729                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               83380754                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               30087080                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               74865024                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               28297336                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               46531777                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   82972                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227356                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   82970                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   82967                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   82960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227356                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   82972                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227348                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  82962                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227359                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  82975                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227357                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  61444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  61446                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  61449                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  61456                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  61444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61452                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 61454                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61441                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 61441                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61443                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 2720                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 2904                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 2246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 2651                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 2728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 2374                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 2460                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 2392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2518                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                2314                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                2903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                2501                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2994                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                2495                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                2609                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              80252                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             224452                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              80724                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             224709                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              80239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             224180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              80586                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             224896                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              80580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             224830                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             80648                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            224456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             80475                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            224366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             80480                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            224748                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2984                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                3156                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2712                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                3441                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2844                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                2600                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                2638                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               2990                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               2934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2889                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2464                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               3713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               2703                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             58460                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             58978                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             58290                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             58712                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             58306                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             58728                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             58015                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             58600                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             58844                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             58814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            58464                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            58507                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            58551                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            58976                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            57728                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            58740                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                9407519                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               20281876                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                9403195                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               20277662                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                9403071                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               20082197                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                9402971                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               20282948                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9416404                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles               20278908                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               9405220                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles              20028042                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               9434592                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles              20282914                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               9436336                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles              20283452                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               8827306                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              19323166                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               8828650                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              19360955                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               8843055                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              19114654                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8836644                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              19327570                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8737923                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles              19331445                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              8822385                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles             19049955                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              8709134                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles             19327285                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              8638602                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles             19304067                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2097536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              4002160                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              4378643                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3988479                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              4247875                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              4015255                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              4192194                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4009948                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              4348159                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              4077975                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              4268326                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             4040072                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             4292089                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             4152615                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             4355137                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             4210154                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             4398130                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          8827306                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         19323166                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          8828650                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         19360955                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          8843055                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         19114654                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8836644                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         19327570                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8737923                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time         19331445                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         8822385                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time        19049955                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         8709134                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time        19327285                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         8638602                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time        19304067                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      2097536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         4002160                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         4378643                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3988479                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         4247875                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         4015255                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         4192194                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         4009948                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         4348159                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         4077975                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         4268326                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        4040072                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        4292089                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        4152615                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        4355137                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        4210154                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        4398130                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9145327                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           19790308                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            9141003                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           19786094                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            9140879                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           19590629                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            9140779                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           19791380                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            9154212                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time           19787340                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           9143028                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time          19536474                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           9172400                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time          19791346                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           9174144                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time          19791884                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         229956516                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         229956512                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         229956518                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         229956514                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         229956523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        229956519                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        229956535                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        229956531                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         19558505                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         25033278                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         19554208                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         24992102                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         19560503                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         24991936                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         19554272                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         25028579                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         19538114                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         25020864                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles        19542395                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        25032876                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        19572532                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        25036129                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        19544283                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        24961715                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             63117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0            129276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             63354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0            129683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             62991                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0            129173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             63181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0            129540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             63508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0            129768                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            63414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0           129404                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            63219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0           129480                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            62611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0           129636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2712                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              3441                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2638                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2990                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2934                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2889                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             3713                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2703                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               755                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2               688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2               649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2               551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               624                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2              763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2              666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      652296     25.29%     25.29% |      642945     24.93%     50.22% |      641574     24.87%     75.09% |      642387     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2579202                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      300122     25.58%     25.58% |      291222     24.82%     50.39% |      291016     24.80%     75.19% |      291123     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1173483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      652321     25.29%     25.29% |      642945     24.93%     50.22% |      641573     24.87%     75.09% |      642387     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2579226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      305980     25.56%     25.56% |      297093     24.82%     50.38% |      296887     24.80%     75.19% |      296994     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1196954                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      343982     25.05%     25.05% |      343531     25.02%     50.08% |      342366     24.94%     75.01% |      343072     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1372951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      652296     25.29%     25.29% |      642945     24.93%     50.22% |      641574     24.87%     75.09% |      642387     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2579202                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      299877     25.57%     25.57% |      291045     24.82%     50.39% |      290839     24.80%     75.19% |      290946     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1172707                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      343982     25.05%     25.05% |      343531     25.02%     50.08% |      342366     24.94%     75.01% |      343072     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1372951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      652296     25.29%     25.29% |      642945     24.93%     50.22% |      641573     24.87%     75.09% |      642387     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2579201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      299877     25.57%     25.57% |      291045     24.82%     50.39% |      290839     24.80%     75.19% |      290946     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1172707                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    12607482     83.55%     83.55% |          34      0.00%     83.55% |      310280      2.06%     85.61% |      310278      2.06%     87.66% |      310286      2.06%     89.72% |      310273      2.06%     91.78% |      310281      2.06%     93.83% |      310275      2.06%     95.89% |      310274      2.06%     97.94% |      310285      2.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     15089748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    11749192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     11749192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    21461598     95.62%     95.62% |           0      0.00%     95.62% |      122880      0.55%     96.17% |      122880      0.55%     96.72% |      122880      0.55%     97.26% |      122880      0.55%     97.81% |      122880      0.55%     98.36% |      122880      0.55%     98.91% |      122880      0.55%     99.45% |      122880      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22444638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26906      9.07%      9.07% |          34      0.01%      9.08% |       31798     10.72%     19.80% |       35478     11.96%     31.76% |       32092     10.82%     42.58% |       35055     11.82%     54.40% |       37255     12.56%     66.96% |       32610     10.99%     77.95% |       35931     12.11%     90.06% |       29478      9.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       296637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026978     22.78%     22.78% |           0      0.00%     22.78% |      434590      9.64%     32.42% |      435002      9.65%     42.07% |      435822      9.67%     51.73% |      435117      9.65%     61.38% |      434635      9.64%     71.02% |      435657      9.66%     80.69% |      434976      9.65%     90.33% |      435753      9.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4508530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |        1425      8.26%      8.29% |        2850     16.53%     24.82% |        2181     12.65%     37.47% |        2538     14.72%     52.19% |        1716      9.95%     62.14% |        2720     15.78%     77.92% |        2447     14.19%     92.11% |        1360      7.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        17242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      232041      9.67%      9.67% |          29      0.00%      9.68% |      276444     11.53%     21.20% |      270671     11.28%     32.48% |      274430     11.44%     43.93% |      267103     11.14%     55.06% |      263039     10.97%     66.03% |      271356     11.31%     77.34% |      268146     11.18%     88.52% |      275350     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2398609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.03%      0.03% |        2021     11.72%     11.75% |        2121     12.30%     24.05% |        2187     12.68%     36.74% |        1699      9.85%     46.59% |        3420     19.84%     66.43% |        1864     10.81%     77.24% |        2319     13.45%     90.69% |        1606      9.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        17242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792522     38.29%     38.29% |           0      0.00%     38.29% |      154125      7.45%     45.74% |      159866      7.72%     53.46% |      155904      7.53%     61.00% |      163803      7.91%     68.91% |      166218      8.03%     76.94% |      159413      7.70%     84.64% |      162181      7.84%     92.48% |      155626      7.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2069658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886145     22.55%     22.55% |           0      0.00%     22.55% |      385893      9.82%     32.37% |      378946      9.64%     42.02% |      383961      9.77%     51.79% |      376636      9.59%     61.37% |      373236      9.50%     70.87% |      381733      9.71%     80.59% |      376482      9.58%     90.17% |      386373      9.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3929405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225226      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      309872     11.46%     19.79% |      309874     11.46%     31.25% |      309830     11.46%     42.71% |      309844     11.46%     54.16% |      309890     11.46%     65.62% |      309874     11.46%     77.08% |      309865     11.46%     88.54% |      309811     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2704103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      665006     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |      122672      7.45%     47.83% |      122768      7.45%     55.28% |      122669      7.45%     62.73% |      122759      7.45%     70.18% |      122758      7.45%     77.64% |      122753      7.45%     85.09% |      122761      7.45%     92.55% |      122764      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1646910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11154      6.28%      6.28% |           0      0.00%      6.28% |       18317     10.32%     16.61% |       22054     12.43%     29.03% |       19689     11.09%     40.12% |       22201     12.51%     52.63% |       24301     13.69%     66.33% |       21174     11.93%     78.26% |       21687     12.22%     90.48% |       16904      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       177481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7507     98.38%     98.38% |          17      0.22%     98.60% |          28      0.37%     98.96% |          14      0.18%     99.15% |          22      0.29%     99.44% |           2      0.03%     99.46% |          12      0.16%     99.62% |           5      0.07%     99.69% |          20      0.26%     99.95% |           4      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         7631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3776    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         168     80.38%     80.38% |           0      0.00%     80.38% |          18      8.61%     89.00% |           2      0.96%     89.95% |           0      0.00%     89.95% |           0      0.00%     89.95% |          17      8.13%     98.09% |           1      0.48%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |           3      1.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3480      3.29%      3.29% |           0      0.00%      3.29% |       13321     12.58%     15.87% |       13295     12.56%     28.42% |       12267     11.59%     40.01% |       12766     12.06%     52.07% |       12810     12.10%     64.17% |       11351     10.72%     74.89% |       14111     13.33%     88.21% |       12480     11.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       105881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.44%     97.44% |           0      0.00%     97.44% |          46      0.18%     97.62% |          74      0.29%     97.91% |         105      0.41%     98.32% |         105      0.41%     98.72% |          84      0.33%     99.05% |          77      0.30%     99.35% |          82      0.32%     99.67% |          84      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    11622492    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     11622492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4819     21.09%     21.09% |           5      0.02%     21.12% |        1994      8.73%     29.84% |        2150      9.41%     39.25% |        1748      7.65%     46.91% |        2509     10.98%     57.89% |        2400     10.51%     68.39% |        2117      9.27%     77.66% |        2576     11.28%     88.93% |        2528     11.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        22846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122466     28.25%     28.25% |           0      0.00%     28.25% |       32818      7.57%     35.82% |       39889      9.20%     45.03% |       35759      8.25%     53.27% |       42689      9.85%     63.12% |       46090     10.63%     73.76% |       39031      9.00%     82.76% |       41521      9.58%     92.34% |       33210      7.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       433473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     8085114     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         326      0.00%     99.97% |         310      0.00%     99.98% |         315      0.00%     99.98% |         321      0.00%     99.98% |         286      0.00%     99.99% |         316      0.00%     99.99% |         305      0.00%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      8087666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38474    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10451     14.89%     14.89% |          29      0.04%     14.93% |        8157     11.62%     26.55% |        7588     10.81%     37.37% |        7821     11.14%     48.51% |        7212     10.28%     58.78% |        7209     10.27%     69.06% |        6745      9.61%     78.67% |        8188     11.67%     90.33% |        6786      9.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        70186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182975      8.06%      8.06% |           0      0.00%      8.06% |      266626     11.74%     19.80% |      259958     11.45%     31.25% |      264222     11.64%     42.88% |      257130     11.32%     54.21% |      253899     11.18%     65.39% |      261679     11.52%     76.91% |      257293     11.33%     88.24% |      266986     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2270768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1407      8.22%      8.22% |        2840     16.59%     24.81% |        2160     12.62%     37.43% |        2530     14.78%     52.21% |        1701      9.94%     62.15% |        2699     15.77%     77.91% |        2433     14.21%     92.13% |        1348      7.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        17118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     4260420    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4260420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    20754560     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     20755655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         482      1.87%      1.87% |           0      0.00%      1.87% |        3268     12.71%     14.58% |        3626     14.10%     28.68% |        2775     10.79%     39.47% |        3098     12.05%     51.51% |        3283     12.76%     64.28% |        2545      9.90%     74.17% |        3417     13.29%     87.46% |        3225     12.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        25719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703170     42.39%     42.39% |           0      0.00%     42.39% |      119267      7.19%     49.59% |      118988      7.17%     56.76% |      119739      7.22%     63.98% |      119506      7.21%     71.18% |      119337      7.19%     78.38% |      120054      7.24%     85.62% |      119189      7.19%     92.80% |      119387      7.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1658637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           3     21.43%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257     67.14%     67.14% |           0      0.00%     67.14% |         490      2.68%     69.82% |         412      2.26%     72.08% |        1107      6.06%     78.14% |         550      3.01%     81.15% |         534      2.92%     84.08% |        1437      7.87%     91.95% |         712      3.90%     95.85% |         758      4.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        18257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      232041      9.67%      9.67% |          29      0.00%      9.68% |      276442     11.53%     21.20% |      270670     11.28%     32.48% |      274428     11.44%     43.93% |      267101     11.14%     55.06% |      263037     10.97%     66.03% |      271355     11.31%     77.34% |      268144     11.18%     88.52% |      275350     11.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2398597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.03%      0.03% |        2021     11.72%     11.75% |        2121     12.30%     24.05% |        2187     12.68%     36.74% |        1699      9.85%     46.59% |        3420     19.84%     66.43% |        1864     10.81%     77.24% |        2319     13.45%     90.69% |        1606      9.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        17242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127348     30.14%     30.14% |           0      0.00%     30.14% |       31435      7.44%     37.58% |       37096      8.78%     46.36% |       33234      7.87%     54.22% |       41044      9.71%     63.94% |       43443     10.28%     74.22% |       36658      8.68%     82.89% |       39420      9.33%     92.22% |       32859      7.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       422537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630     12.22%     12.22% |           0      0.00%     12.22% |        2068      9.61%     21.84% |        2460     11.43%     33.27% |        2728     12.68%     45.95% |        2476     11.51%     57.46% |        1965      9.13%     66.59% |        2105      9.78%     76.38% |        2150      9.99%     86.37% |        2932     13.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        21514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665174     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |      122690      7.45%     47.83% |      122770      7.45%     55.29% |      122669      7.45%     62.73% |      122759      7.45%     70.19% |      122775      7.45%     77.64% |      122754      7.45%     85.09% |      122761      7.45%     92.55% |      122767      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1647119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           2     16.67%     41.67% |           2     16.67%     58.33% |           2     16.67%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4227     98.72%     98.72% |           0      0.00%     98.72% |           8      0.19%     98.90% |           6      0.14%     99.04% |          13      0.30%     99.35% |           1      0.02%     99.37% |           9      0.21%     99.58% |           3      0.07%     99.65% |           2      0.05%     99.70% |          13      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          60     15.35%     15.35% |          59     15.09%     30.43% |          56     14.32%     44.76% |          33      8.44%     53.20% |          60     15.35%     68.54% |          27      6.91%     75.45% |          61     15.60%     91.05% |          35      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     15.13%     15.13% |          10      8.40%     23.53% |          21     17.65%     41.18% |           8      6.72%     47.90% |          15     12.61%     60.50% |          21     17.65%     78.15% |          14     11.76%     89.92% |          12     10.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886145     22.55%     22.55% |           0      0.00%     22.55% |      385815      9.82%     32.37% |      378877      9.64%     42.02% |      383884      9.77%     51.79% |      376595      9.59%     61.37% |      373161      9.50%     70.87% |      381685      9.71%     80.59% |      376407      9.58%     90.17% |      386326      9.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3928895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          78     15.29%     15.29% |          69     13.53%     28.82% |          77     15.10%     43.92% |          41      8.04%     51.96% |          75     14.71%     66.67% |          48      9.41%     76.08% |          75     14.71%     90.78% |          47      9.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          510                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3923      3.09%      3.09% |        3798      2.99%      6.09% |        3530      2.78%      8.87% |        3540      2.79%     11.66% |        3623      2.86%     14.52% |        4091      3.23%     17.74% |        3811      3.00%     20.75% |        3376      2.66%     23.41% |        3691      2.91%     26.32% |        5231      4.12%     30.44% |        4057      3.20%     33.64% |        3868      3.05%     36.69% |        3763      2.97%     39.66% |        4427      3.49%     43.15% |        3944      3.11%     46.26% |        3839      3.03%     49.29% |        4262      3.36%     52.65% |        4233      3.34%     55.98% |        3704      2.92%     58.90% |        3353      2.64%     61.55% |        3131      2.47%     64.02% |        3789      2.99%     67.00% |        3582      2.82%     69.83% |        3433      2.71%     72.53% |        3689      2.91%     75.44% |        3840      3.03%     78.47% |        3317      2.62%     81.09% |        4761      3.75%     84.84% |        4049      3.19%     88.03% |        5397      4.26%     92.29% |        5226      4.12%     96.41% |        4557      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126835                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158833      5.85%      5.85% |       82759      3.05%      8.90% |       81438      3.00%     11.90% |       82606      3.04%     14.94% |       81798      3.01%     17.95% |       81667      3.01%     20.96% |       81100      2.99%     23.95% |       81061      2.99%     26.93% |       81279      2.99%     29.93% |       81614      3.01%     32.93% |       83336      3.07%     36.00% |       82816      3.05%     39.05% |       81779      3.01%     42.07% |       81741      3.01%     45.08% |       81025      2.98%     48.06% |       81114      2.99%     51.05% |       82003      3.02%     54.07% |       81482      3.00%     57.07% |       81797      3.01%     60.08% |       82092      3.02%     63.11% |       81954      3.02%     66.12% |       90437      3.33%     69.46% |       88754      3.27%     72.72% |       81427      3.00%     75.72% |       81397      3.00%     78.72% |       82051      3.02%     81.74% |       81297      2.99%     84.74% |       81194      2.99%     87.73% |       81904      3.02%     90.75% |       81221      2.99%     93.74% |       82073      3.02%     96.76% |       87974      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64877      3.94%      3.94% |       50698      3.08%      7.02% |       50690      3.08%     10.09% |       51695      3.14%     13.23% |       50461      3.06%     16.29% |       50244      3.05%     19.35% |       50533      3.07%     22.41% |       50022      3.04%     25.45% |       50215      3.05%     28.50% |       50540      3.07%     31.57% |       50670      3.08%     34.64% |       50184      3.05%     37.69% |       50065      3.04%     40.73% |       50602      3.07%     43.80% |       49955      3.03%     46.83% |       50017      3.04%     49.87% |       50111      3.04%     52.91% |       50561      3.07%     55.98% |       50554      3.07%     59.05% |       50526      3.07%     62.12% |       50842      3.09%     65.20% |       57028      3.46%     68.66% |       52140      3.17%     71.83% |       50344      3.06%     74.89% |       50780      3.08%     77.97% |       50366      3.06%     81.03% |       50726      3.08%     84.11% |       50704      3.08%     87.18% |       51258      3.11%     90.30% |       51024      3.10%     93.39% |       53758      3.26%     96.66% |       55083      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1647273                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      210007      5.34%      5.34% |      119879      3.05%      8.40% |      118408      3.01%     11.41% |      120623      3.07%     14.48% |      118510      3.02%     17.50% |      117714      3.00%     20.49% |      117644      2.99%     23.49% |      117160      2.98%     26.47% |      117615      2.99%     29.46% |      118416      3.01%     32.48% |      120191      3.06%     35.53% |      119342      3.04%     38.57% |      118260      3.01%     41.58% |      118642      3.02%     44.60% |      117155      2.98%     47.58% |      117363      2.99%     50.57% |      118620      3.02%     53.59% |      118582      3.02%     56.61% |      119176      3.03%     59.64% |      119480      3.04%     62.68% |      119708      3.05%     65.73% |      134033      3.41%     69.14% |      127651      3.25%     72.39% |      118456      3.01%     75.40% |      118949      3.03%     78.43% |      119082      3.03%     81.46% |      118798      3.02%     84.48% |      118666      3.02%     87.50% |      119960      3.05%     90.56% |      119010      3.03%     93.59% |      122471      3.12%     96.70% |      129520      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3929091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          25      3.78%      3.78% |          34      5.14%      8.91% |          24      3.63%     12.54% |          20      3.02%     15.56% |          25      3.78%     19.34% |          38      5.74%     25.08% |          28      4.23%     29.31% |          29      4.38%     33.69% |          26      3.93%     37.61% |          34      5.14%     42.75% |          22      3.32%     46.07% |          23      3.47%     49.55% |          15      2.27%     51.81% |          21      3.17%     54.98% |          20      3.02%     58.01% |          26      3.93%     61.93% |          17      2.57%     64.50% |          25      3.78%     68.28% |          20      3.02%     71.30% |          20      3.02%     74.32% |           7      1.06%     75.38% |          16      2.42%     77.79% |          11      1.66%     79.46% |          15      2.27%     81.72% |           9      1.36%     83.08% |          13      1.96%     85.05% |          15      2.27%     87.31% |          17      2.57%     89.88% |           9      1.36%     91.24% |          27      4.08%     95.32% |          13      1.96%     97.28% |          18      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       44729      3.84%      3.84% |       36050      3.10%      6.94% |       36018      3.10%     10.04% |       36085      3.10%     13.14% |       36103      3.10%     16.24% |       36101      3.10%     19.35% |       36043      3.10%     22.44% |       36082      3.10%     25.54% |       36093      3.10%     28.65% |       36077      3.10%     31.75% |       36095      3.10%     34.85% |       36101      3.10%     37.95% |       36150      3.11%     41.06% |       36135      3.11%     44.16% |       36024      3.10%     47.26% |       36060      3.10%     50.36% |       36097      3.10%     53.46% |       36039      3.10%     56.56% |       36030      3.10%     59.66% |       36077      3.10%     62.76% |       36107      3.10%     65.86% |       36125      3.10%     68.97% |       36065      3.10%     72.07% |       36105      3.10%     75.17% |       36132      3.11%     78.27% |       36101      3.10%     81.38% |       36108      3.10%     84.48% |       36113      3.10%     87.58% |       36168      3.11%     90.69% |       36150      3.11%     93.80% |       36069      3.10%     96.90% |       36077      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1163509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       43347      3.14%      3.14% |       42960      3.11%      6.24% |       42991      3.11%      9.35% |       43018      3.11%     12.47% |       43265      3.13%     15.60% |       43221      3.13%     18.72% |       43138      3.12%     21.85% |       43197      3.13%     24.97% |       43222      3.13%     28.10% |       43130      3.12%     31.22% |       43136      3.12%     34.34% |       43220      3.13%     37.47% |       43562      3.15%     40.62% |       43415      3.14%     43.76% |       43237      3.13%     46.89% |       43262      3.13%     50.02% |       43112      3.12%     53.14% |       43008      3.11%     56.25% |       42892      3.10%     59.35% |       43012      3.11%     62.46% |       43271      3.13%     65.59% |       43509      3.15%     68.74% |       43161      3.12%     71.87% |       43223      3.13%     74.99% |       43237      3.13%     78.12% |       43163      3.12%     81.24% |       42952      3.11%     84.35% |       43083      3.12%     87.47% |       43264      3.13%     90.60% |       43392      3.14%     93.74% |       43246      3.13%     96.87% |       43304      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1382150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       89189      3.46%      3.46% |       80057      3.10%      6.56% |       80055      3.10%      9.67% |       80150      3.11%     12.77% |       80414      3.12%     15.89% |       80368      3.12%     19.01% |       80227      3.11%     22.12% |       80325      3.11%     25.23% |       80361      3.12%     28.35% |       80253      3.11%     31.46% |       80278      3.11%     34.57% |       80367      3.12%     37.69% |       80759      3.13%     40.82% |       80596      3.12%     43.94% |       80307      3.11%     47.06% |       80368      3.12%     50.17% |       80256      3.11%     53.29% |       80093      3.11%     56.39% |       79968      3.10%     59.49% |       80135      3.11%     62.60% |       80424      3.12%     65.72% |       80680      3.13%     68.84% |       80271      3.11%     71.96% |       80374      3.12%     75.07% |       80415      3.12%     78.19% |       80309      3.11%     81.30% |       80106      3.11%     84.41% |       80241      3.11%     87.52% |       80478      3.12%     90.64% |       80588      3.12%     93.77% |       80361      3.12%     96.88% |       80427      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2579200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       88165      3.46%      3.46% |       79033      3.10%      6.57% |       79031      3.10%      9.67% |       79126      3.11%     12.78% |       79390      3.12%     15.89% |       79344      3.12%     19.01% |       79203      3.11%     22.12% |       79301      3.11%     25.24% |       79337      3.12%     28.35% |       79229      3.11%     31.46% |       79254      3.11%     34.57% |       79343      3.12%     37.69% |       79735      3.13%     40.82% |       79572      3.12%     43.95% |       79283      3.11%     47.06% |       79344      3.12%     50.18% |       79232      3.11%     53.29% |       79069      3.11%     56.39% |       78944      3.10%     59.49% |       79111      3.11%     62.60% |       79400      3.12%     65.72% |       79656      3.13%     68.85% |       79248      3.11%     71.96% |       79350      3.12%     75.07% |       79391      3.12%     78.19% |       79286      3.11%     81.30% |       79082      3.11%     84.41% |       79217      3.11%     87.52% |       79454      3.12%     90.64% |       79564      3.12%     93.77% |       79337      3.12%     96.88% |       79403      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2546434                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         831      3.21%      3.21% |         757      2.92%      6.13% |         788      3.04%      9.17% |         771      2.98%     12.15% |         757      2.92%     15.07% |         789      3.05%     18.12% |         797      3.08%     21.20% |         800      3.09%     24.29% |         782      3.02%     27.31% |         750      2.90%     30.20% |         802      3.10%     33.30% |         781      3.02%     36.31% |         797      3.08%     39.39% |         822      3.17%     42.56% |         850      3.28%     45.85% |         857      3.31%     49.15% |         821      3.17%     52.32% |         813      3.14%     55.46% |         819      3.16%     58.63% |         808      3.12%     61.75% |         874      3.37%     65.12% |         916      3.54%     68.66% |         854      3.30%     71.95% |         845      3.26%     75.22% |         810      3.13%     78.34% |         799      3.08%     81.43% |         791      3.05%     84.48% |         787      3.04%     87.52% |         800      3.09%     90.61% |         812      3.14%     93.75% |         833      3.22%     96.96% |         787      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        25900                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         446      2.56%      2.56% |         423      2.42%      4.98% |         440      2.52%      7.50% |         394      2.26%      9.76% |         492      2.82%     12.58% |         463      2.65%     15.23% |         509      2.92%     18.15% |         416      2.38%     20.53% |         487      2.79%     23.32% |         441      2.53%     25.85% |         529      3.03%     28.88% |         503      2.88%     31.76% |         564      3.23%     34.99% |         569      3.26%     38.25% |         622      3.56%     41.82% |         513      2.94%     44.76% |         571      3.27%     48.03% |         536      3.07%     51.10% |         590      3.38%     54.48% |         619      3.55%     58.03% |         686      3.93%     61.96% |         625      3.58%     65.54% |         697      3.99%     69.53% |         553      3.17%     72.70% |         581      3.33%     76.03% |         551      3.16%     79.19% |         540      3.09%     82.28% |         546      3.13%     85.41% |         677      3.88%     89.29% |         630      3.61%     92.90% |         655      3.75%     96.65% |         584      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        17452                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2976      3.21%      3.21% |        2938      3.17%      6.38% |        3009      3.25%      9.63% |        2954      3.19%     12.82% |        3066      3.31%     16.13% |        3025      3.27%     19.40% |        3069      3.31%     22.71% |        2998      3.24%     25.94% |        3075      3.32%     29.26% |        2995      3.23%     32.50% |        2978      3.21%     35.71% |        2906      3.14%     38.85% |        2997      3.24%     42.08% |        2931      3.16%     45.25% |        2962      3.20%     48.44% |        2882      3.11%     51.55% |        2929      3.16%     54.72% |        2816      3.04%     57.76% |        2773      2.99%     60.75% |        2715      2.93%     63.68% |        2772      2.99%     66.67% |        2763      2.98%     69.65% |        2782      3.00%     72.66% |        2759      2.98%     75.64% |        2840      3.07%     78.70% |        2779      3.00%     81.70% |        2789      3.01%     84.71% |        2766      2.99%     87.70% |        2836      3.06%     90.76% |        2817      3.04%     93.80% |        2866      3.09%     96.89% |        2879      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        92642                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5633      3.17%      3.17% |        5511      3.10%      6.26% |        5566      3.13%      9.39% |        5513      3.10%     12.49% |        5597      3.15%     15.64% |        5568      3.13%     18.77% |        5657      3.18%     21.95% |        5602      3.15%     25.10% |        5666      3.19%     28.28% |        5567      3.13%     31.41% |        5639      3.17%     34.58% |        5576      3.13%     37.72% |        5711      3.21%     40.93% |        5647      3.17%     44.10% |        5679      3.19%     47.30% |        5638      3.17%     50.47% |        5560      3.13%     53.59% |        5538      3.11%     56.70% |        5435      3.06%     59.76% |        5344      3.00%     62.76% |        5376      3.02%     65.79% |        5550      3.12%     68.91% |        5548      3.12%     72.02% |        5520      3.10%     75.13% |        5576      3.13%     78.26% |        5606      3.15%     81.41% |        5509      3.10%     84.51% |        5420      3.05%     87.56% |        5444      3.06%     90.62% |        5517      3.10%     93.72% |        5578      3.14%     96.86% |        5594      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       177885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         441      2.56%      2.56% |         415      2.41%      4.96% |         433      2.51%      7.48% |         387      2.24%      9.72% |         484      2.81%     12.53% |         450      2.61%     15.14% |         498      2.89%     18.03% |         406      2.35%     20.38% |         477      2.77%     23.15% |         428      2.48%     25.63% |         519      3.01%     28.64% |         493      2.86%     31.50% |         557      3.23%     34.73% |         558      3.24%     37.97% |         613      3.56%     41.52% |         503      2.92%     44.44% |         566      3.28%     47.72% |         531      3.08%     50.80% |         584      3.39%     54.19% |         616      3.57%     57.76% |         684      3.97%     61.73% |         621      3.60%     65.33% |         695      4.03%     69.36% |         549      3.18%     72.54% |         579      3.36%     75.90% |         548      3.18%     79.08% |         537      3.11%     82.19% |         540      3.13%     85.33% |         675      3.91%     89.24% |         622      3.61%     92.85% |         652      3.78%     96.63% |         581      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        17242                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      213562      5.28%      5.28% |      123310      3.05%      8.33% |      121871      3.01%     11.34% |      124030      3.07%     14.40% |      121949      3.01%     17.42% |      121196      3.00%     20.41% |      121198      3.00%     23.41% |      120624      2.98%     26.39% |      121093      2.99%     29.38% |      121855      3.01%     32.40% |      123813      3.06%     35.46% |      122916      3.04%     38.50% |      121872      3.01%     41.51% |      122336      3.02%     44.53% |      120960      2.99%     47.52% |      121088      2.99%     50.51% |      122259      3.02%     53.54% |      122249      3.02%     56.56% |      122829      3.04%     59.59% |      123176      3.04%     62.64% |      123528      3.05%     65.69% |      137973      3.41%     69.10% |      131605      3.25%     72.35% |      122276      3.02%     75.38% |      122675      3.03%     78.41% |      122820      3.04%     81.45% |      122467      3.03%     84.47% |      122309      3.02%     87.50% |      123703      3.06%     90.55% |      122731      3.03%     93.59% |      126253      3.12%     96.71% |      133220      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4045746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         510      3.19%      3.19% |         453      2.84%      6.03% |         459      2.87%      8.90% |         451      2.82%     11.72% |         476      2.98%     14.70% |         432      2.70%     17.41% |         469      2.94%     20.34% |         492      3.08%     23.42% |         523      3.27%     26.69% |         461      2.89%     29.58% |         491      3.07%     32.65% |         498      3.12%     35.77% |         600      3.76%     39.52% |         527      3.30%     42.82% |         505      3.16%     45.98% |         515      3.22%     49.21% |         518      3.24%     52.45% |         537      3.36%     55.81% |         525      3.29%     59.09% |         484      3.03%     62.12% |         468      2.93%     65.05% |         511      3.20%     68.25% |         478      2.99%     71.24% |         459      2.87%     74.11% |         519      3.25%     77.36% |         565      3.54%     80.90% |         508      3.18%     84.08% |         464      2.90%     86.98% |         465      2.91%     89.89% |         549      3.44%     93.33% |         543      3.40%     96.73% |         523      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52066      3.74%      3.74% |       43101      3.09%      6.83% |       43084      3.09%      9.93% |       43148      3.10%     13.03% |       43349      3.11%     16.14% |       43349      3.11%     19.25% |       43209      3.10%     22.35% |       43266      3.11%     25.46% |       43257      3.11%     28.57% |       43249      3.11%     31.67% |       43211      3.10%     34.77% |       43257      3.11%     37.88% |       43495      3.12%     41.00% |       43426      3.12%     44.12% |       43239      3.10%     47.23% |       43273      3.11%     50.33% |       43158      3.10%     53.43% |       43032      3.09%     56.52% |       42927      3.08%     59.61% |       43108      3.10%     62.70% |       43288      3.11%     65.81% |       43512      3.12%     68.93% |       43238      3.10%     72.04% |       43330      3.11%     75.15% |       43299      3.11%     78.26% |       43196      3.10%     81.36% |       43016      3.09%     84.45% |       43195      3.10%     87.55% |       43371      3.11%     90.67% |       43407      3.12%     93.78% |       43237      3.10%     96.89% |       43347      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1392640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       36613      3.13%      3.13% |       36503      3.12%      6.25% |       36512      3.12%      9.37% |       36551      3.12%     12.49% |       36589      3.13%     15.61% |       36587      3.13%     18.74% |       36549      3.12%     21.86% |       36567      3.12%     24.99% |       36581      3.13%     28.11% |       36543      3.12%     31.23% |       36576      3.12%     34.36% |       36612      3.13%     37.48% |       36664      3.13%     40.62% |       36643      3.13%     43.75% |       36563      3.12%     46.87% |       36580      3.12%     49.99% |       36580      3.12%     53.12% |       36524      3.12%     56.24% |       36516      3.12%     59.36% |       36543      3.12%     62.48% |       36668      3.13%     65.61% |       36657      3.13%     68.75% |       36556      3.12%     71.87% |       36585      3.13%     74.99% |       36597      3.13%     78.12% |       36549      3.12%     81.24% |       36582      3.13%     84.37% |       36583      3.13%     87.49% |       36642      3.13%     90.62% |       36632      3.13%     93.75% |       36581      3.13%     96.88% |       36557      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1170585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          11      3.55%      3.55% |          15      4.84%      8.39% |          11      3.55%     11.94% |          10      3.23%     15.16% |          12      3.87%     19.03% |          18      5.81%     24.84% |          15      4.84%     29.68% |          14      4.52%     34.19% |          13      4.19%     38.39% |          16      5.16%     43.55% |          12      3.87%     47.42% |          12      3.87%     51.29% |           7      2.26%     53.55% |           9      2.90%     56.45% |           9      2.90%     59.35% |          11      3.55%     62.90% |           9      2.90%     65.81% |          12      3.87%     69.68% |           9      2.90%     72.58% |          10      3.23%     75.81% |           2      0.65%     76.45% |           8      2.58%     79.03% |           5      1.61%     80.65% |           6      1.94%     82.58% |           3      0.97%     83.55% |           5      1.61%     85.16% |           7      2.26%     87.42% |           8      2.58%     90.00% |           5      1.61%     91.61% |          14      4.52%     96.13% |           5      1.61%     97.74% |           7      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          310                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4617      3.22%      3.22% |        4628      3.22%      6.44% |        4657      3.24%      9.68% |        4709      3.28%     12.96% |        4619      3.22%     16.18% |        5013      3.49%     19.67% |        4683      3.26%     22.94% |        4750      3.31%     26.24% |        4618      3.22%     29.46% |        4592      3.20%     32.66% |        4544      3.17%     35.83% |        4601      3.21%     39.03% |        4401      3.07%     42.10% |        4480      3.12%     45.22% |        4485      3.12%     48.34% |        4519      3.15%     51.49% |        4353      3.03%     54.52% |        4463      3.11%     57.63% |        4316      3.01%     60.64% |        4389      3.06%     63.69% |        4144      2.89%     66.58% |        4231      2.95%     69.53% |        4199      2.93%     72.45% |        4354      3.03%     75.49% |        4251      2.96%     78.45% |        4422      3.08%     81.53% |        4376      3.05%     84.58% |        4439      3.09%     87.67% |        4329      3.02%     90.68% |        4396      3.06%     93.75% |        4405      3.07%     96.82% |        4572      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       143555                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1      0.91%      0.91% |           0      0.00%      0.91% |           1      0.91%      1.82% |           3      2.73%      4.55% |           1      0.91%      5.45% |           5      4.55%     10.00% |           3      2.73%     12.73% |           0      0.00%     12.73% |           3      2.73%     15.45% |           1      0.91%     16.36% |           6      5.45%     21.82% |          10      9.09%     30.91% |           2      1.82%     32.73% |           7      6.36%     39.09% |           3      2.73%     41.82% |           2      1.82%     43.64% |           5      4.55%     48.18% |           2      1.82%     50.00% |           5      4.55%     54.55% |           3      2.73%     57.27% |           6      5.45%     62.73% |           4      3.64%     66.36% |           4      3.64%     70.00% |           2      1.82%     71.82% |           6      5.45%     77.27% |           4      3.64%     80.91% |           2      1.82%     82.73% |           3      2.73%     85.45% |           4      3.64%     89.09% |           4      3.64%     92.73% |           7      6.36%     99.09% |           1      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        3469      3.22%      3.22% |        3380      3.14%      6.36% |        3439      3.19%      9.55% |        3390      3.15%     12.70% |        3518      3.27%     15.97% |        3450      3.20%     19.17% |        3507      3.26%     22.43% |        3470      3.22%     25.65% |        3553      3.30%     28.95% |        3423      3.18%     32.13% |        3436      3.19%     35.32% |        3378      3.14%     38.46% |        3549      3.30%     41.76% |        3435      3.19%     44.95% |        3428      3.18%     48.13% |        3378      3.14%     51.27% |        3391      3.15%     54.41% |        3311      3.07%     57.49% |        3261      3.03%     60.52% |        3162      2.94%     63.45% |        3192      2.96%     66.42% |        3240      3.01%     69.43% |        3226      3.00%     72.42% |        3197      2.97%     75.39% |        3328      3.09%     78.48% |        3320      3.08%     81.57% |        3264      3.03%     84.60% |        3213      2.98%     87.58% |        3274      3.04%     90.62% |        3344      3.11%     93.73% |        3376      3.14%     96.86% |        3378      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total       107680                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       99135      9.16%      9.16% |       32023      2.96%     12.12% |       30645      2.83%     14.95% |       31742      2.93%     17.89% |       30700      2.84%     20.72% |       30186      2.79%     23.51% |       30033      2.78%     26.29% |       29958      2.77%     29.06% |       30231      2.79%     31.85% |       30667      2.83%     34.68% |       32417      3.00%     37.68% |       31923      2.95%     40.63% |       30769      2.84%     43.47% |       30739      2.84%     46.31% |       30162      2.79%     49.10% |       30268      2.80%     51.90% |       31410      2.90%     54.80% |       31026      2.87%     57.67% |       31612      2.92%     60.59% |       31708      2.93%     63.52% |       31600      2.92%     66.44% |       39668      3.67%     70.10% |       38345      3.54%     73.65% |       30849      2.85%     76.50% |       30885      2.85%     79.35% |       31526      2.91%     82.27% |       31002      2.86%     85.13% |       30665      2.83%     87.96% |       31234      2.89%     90.85% |       30491      2.82%     93.67% |       31446      2.91%     96.57% |       37068      3.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1082133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       28263      5.93%      5.93% |       14192      2.98%      8.91% |       14177      2.98%     11.88% |       15140      3.18%     15.06% |       13872      2.91%     17.97% |       13655      2.87%     20.84% |       13981      2.93%     23.77% |       13455      2.82%     26.60% |       13634      2.86%     29.46% |       13995      2.94%     32.39% |       14094      2.96%     35.35% |       13571      2.85%     38.20% |       13396      2.81%     41.01% |       13955      2.93%     43.94% |       13392      2.81%     46.75% |       13434      2.82%     49.57% |       13531      2.84%     52.41% |       14036      2.95%     55.35% |       14034      2.95%     58.30% |       13982      2.93%     61.23% |       14100      2.96%     64.19% |       20319      4.26%     68.46% |       15582      3.27%     71.73% |       13758      2.89%     74.61% |       14178      2.98%     77.59% |       13817      2.90%     80.49% |       14143      2.97%     83.46% |       14119      2.96%     86.42% |       14616      3.07%     89.49% |       14391      3.02%     92.51% |       17176      3.60%     96.11% |       18526      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       476514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44220      3.86%      3.86% |       35535      3.10%      6.95% |       35521      3.10%     10.05% |       35562      3.10%     13.15% |       35605      3.10%     16.26% |       35571      3.10%     19.36% |       35530      3.10%     22.46% |       35556      3.10%     25.56% |       35594      3.10%     28.66% |       35589      3.10%     31.77% |       35584      3.10%     34.87% |       35609      3.11%     37.97% |       35643      3.11%     41.08% |       35608      3.10%     44.19% |       35492      3.09%     47.28% |       35504      3.10%     50.38% |       35562      3.10%     53.48% |       35508      3.10%     56.57% |       35507      3.10%     59.67% |       35554      3.10%     62.77% |       35584      3.10%     65.87% |       35574      3.10%     68.98% |       35517      3.10%     72.07% |       35540      3.10%     75.17% |       35586      3.10%     78.27% |       35566      3.10%     81.38% |       35599      3.10%     84.48% |       35602      3.10%     87.58% |       35651      3.11%     90.69% |       35619      3.11%     93.80% |       35540      3.10%     96.90% |       35566      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1146798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       37443      3.13%      3.13% |       37199      3.11%      6.25% |       37127      3.11%      9.35% |       37250      3.12%     12.47% |       37401      3.13%     15.60% |       37381      3.13%     18.73% |       37186      3.11%     21.84% |       37312      3.12%     24.96% |       37263      3.12%     28.08% |       37289      3.12%     31.20% |       37196      3.11%     34.32% |       37345      3.13%     37.44% |       37554      3.14%     40.58% |       37462      3.14%     43.72% |       37231      3.12%     46.83% |       37313      3.12%     49.96% |       37261      3.12%     53.08% |       37183      3.11%     56.19% |       37155      3.11%     59.30% |       37380      3.13%     62.42% |       37542      3.14%     65.57% |       37590      3.15%     68.71% |       37305      3.12%     71.83% |       37420      3.13%     74.97% |       37395      3.13%     78.10% |       37290      3.12%     81.22% |       37158      3.11%     84.33% |       37380      3.13%     87.45% |       37535      3.14%     90.60% |       37586      3.15%     93.74% |       37361      3.13%     96.87% |       37431      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1194924                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         441      2.56%      2.56% |         415      2.41%      4.96% |         433      2.51%      7.48% |         387      2.24%      9.72% |         484      2.81%     12.53% |         450      2.61%     15.14% |         498      2.89%     18.03% |         406      2.35%     20.38% |         477      2.77%     23.15% |         428      2.48%     25.63% |         519      3.01%     28.64% |         493      2.86%     31.50% |         557      3.23%     34.73% |         558      3.24%     37.97% |         613      3.56%     41.52% |         503      2.92%     44.44% |         566      3.28%     47.72% |         531      3.08%     50.80% |         584      3.39%     54.19% |         616      3.57%     57.76% |         684      3.97%     61.73% |         621      3.60%     65.33% |         695      4.03%     69.36% |         549      3.18%     72.54% |         579      3.36%     75.90% |         548      3.18%     79.08% |         537      3.11%     82.19% |         540      3.13%     85.33% |         675      3.91%     89.24% |         622      3.61%     92.85% |         652      3.78%     96.63% |         581      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        17242                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      210006      5.35%      5.35% |      119877      3.05%      8.40% |      118403      3.01%     11.41% |      120617      3.07%     14.48% |      118509      3.02%     17.50% |      117707      3.00%     20.49% |      117639      2.99%     23.49% |      117160      2.98%     26.47% |      117609      2.99%     29.46% |      118415      3.01%     32.48% |      120182      3.06%     35.53% |      119324      3.04%     38.57% |      118255      3.01%     41.58% |      118630      3.02%     44.60% |      117150      2.98%     47.58% |      117359      2.99%     50.57% |      118611      3.02%     53.59% |      118580      3.02%     56.61% |      119169      3.03%     59.64% |      119476      3.04%     62.68% |      119697      3.05%     65.73% |      134025      3.41%     69.14% |      127641      3.25%     72.39% |      118452      3.01%     75.40% |      118939      3.03%     78.43% |      119076      3.03%     81.46% |      118795      3.02%     84.48% |      118659      3.02%     87.50% |      119954      3.05%     90.56% |      119002      3.03%     93.59% |      122459      3.12%     96.70% |      129518      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3928895                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         508      3.04%      3.04% |         514      3.08%      6.12% |         496      2.97%      9.09% |         522      3.13%     12.22% |         498      2.98%     15.21% |         527      3.16%     18.36% |         511      3.06%     21.42% |         526      3.15%     24.58% |         499      2.99%     27.57% |         487      2.92%     30.48% |         511      3.06%     33.55% |         492      2.95%     36.49% |         506      3.03%     39.52% |         527      3.16%     42.68% |         531      3.18%     45.86% |         556      3.33%     49.19% |         535      3.21%     52.40% |         531      3.18%     55.58% |         522      3.13%     58.71% |         523      3.13%     61.84% |         523      3.13%     64.98% |         549      3.29%     68.26% |         548      3.28%     71.55% |         565      3.39%     74.93% |         544      3.26%     78.19% |         535      3.21%     81.40% |         508      3.04%     84.44% |         511      3.06%     87.50% |         517      3.10%     90.60% |         531      3.18%     93.78% |         529      3.17%     96.95% |         509      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        16691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2435      3.06%      3.06% |        2381      2.99%      6.05% |        2425      3.05%      9.10% |        2378      2.99%     12.09% |        2346      2.95%     15.04% |        2390      3.00%     18.05% |        2445      3.07%     21.12% |        2415      3.04%     24.16% |        2406      3.02%     27.18% |        2418      3.04%     30.22% |        2504      3.15%     33.37% |        2497      3.14%     36.51% |        2459      3.09%     39.60% |        2518      3.17%     42.76% |        2578      3.24%     46.00% |        2571      3.23%     49.24% |        2460      3.09%     52.33% |        2514      3.16%     55.49% |        2476      3.11%     58.60% |        2470      3.11%     61.71% |        2537      3.19%     64.90% |        2679      3.37%     68.26% |        2630      3.31%     71.57% |        2606      3.28%     74.85% |        2514      3.16%     78.01% |        2553      3.21%     81.22% |        2530      3.18%     84.40% |        2490      3.13%     87.53% |        2455      3.09%     90.61% |        2462      3.10%     93.71% |        2509      3.15%     96.86% |        2495      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        79546                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      8.28%      8.28% |           0      0.00%      8.28% |           0      0.00%      8.28% |           0      0.00%      8.28% |          48     28.40%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |           0      0.00%     36.69% |          45     26.63%     63.31% |          30     17.75%     81.07% |          32     18.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          169                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      0.28%      0.28% |           1      0.28%      0.56% |           6      1.67%      2.23% |           3      0.84%      3.06% |           1      0.28%      3.34% |           3      0.84%      4.18% |           5      1.39%      5.57% |           1      0.28%      5.85% |           2      0.56%      6.41% |           5      1.39%      7.80% |          68     18.94%     26.74% |           4      1.11%     27.86% |           1      0.28%     28.13% |           4      1.11%     29.25% |           3      0.84%     30.08% |           5      1.39%     31.48% |          10      2.79%     34.26% |           2      0.56%     34.82% |           5      1.39%     36.21% |           7      1.95%     38.16% |           7      1.95%     40.11% |         127     35.38%     75.49% |          37     10.31%     85.79% |          14      3.90%     89.69% |           4      1.11%     90.81% |           7      1.95%     92.76% |           9      2.51%     95.26% |           4      1.11%     96.38% |           3      0.84%     97.21% |           4      1.11%     98.33% |           4      1.11%     99.44% |           2      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          359                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.09%      1.09% |           0      0.00%      1.09% |           3      3.26%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      1.09%      5.43% |           3      3.26%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           1      1.09%      9.78% |           0      0.00%      9.78% |           4      4.35%     14.13% |           0      0.00%     14.13% |           3      3.26%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      1.09%     18.48% |           0      0.00%     18.48% |           0      0.00%     18.48% |          61     66.30%     84.78% |           3      3.26%     88.04% |           2      2.17%     90.22% |           1      1.09%     91.30% |           3      3.26%     94.57% |           0      0.00%     94.57% |           1      1.09%     95.65% |           2      2.17%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      1.09%     98.91% |           1      1.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           92                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      2.47%      2.47% |           4      4.94%      7.41% |           2      2.47%      9.88% |           1      1.23%     11.11% |           1      1.23%     12.35% |           2      2.47%     14.81% |           2      2.47%     17.28% |           1      1.23%     18.52% |           2      2.47%     20.99% |           2      2.47%     23.46% |           0      0.00%     23.46% |           1      1.23%     24.69% |           1      1.23%     25.93% |           3      3.70%     29.63% |           2      2.47%     32.10% |           5      6.17%     38.27% |           0      0.00%     38.27% |           1      1.23%     39.51% |           5      6.17%     45.68% |           4      4.94%     50.62% |           3      3.70%     54.32% |           1      1.23%     55.56% |           3      3.70%     59.26% |           4      4.94%     64.20% |           3      3.70%     67.90% |           4      4.94%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           4      4.94%     80.25% |           0      0.00%     80.25% |           3      3.70%     83.95% |           6      7.41%     91.36% |           7      8.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       88165      3.46%      3.46% |       79033      3.10%      6.57% |       79031      3.10%      9.67% |       79126      3.11%     12.78% |       79390      3.12%     15.89% |       79344      3.12%     19.01% |       79203      3.11%     22.12% |       79301      3.11%     25.24% |       79337      3.12%     28.35% |       79229      3.11%     31.46% |       79254      3.11%     34.57% |       79343      3.12%     37.69% |       79735      3.13%     40.82% |       79572      3.12%     43.95% |       79283      3.11%     47.06% |       79344      3.12%     50.18% |       79232      3.11%     53.29% |       79069      3.11%     56.39% |       78944      3.10%     59.49% |       79111      3.11%     62.60% |       79400      3.12%     65.72% |       79656      3.13%     68.85% |       79248      3.11%     71.96% |       79350      3.12%     75.07% |       79391      3.12%     78.19% |       79286      3.11%     81.30% |       79082      3.11%     84.41% |       79217      3.11%     87.52% |       79454      3.12%     90.64% |       79564      3.12%     93.77% |       79337      3.12%     96.88% |       79403      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2546434                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           4     10.00%     10.00% |           5     12.50%     22.50% |           2      5.00%     27.50% |           1      2.50%     30.00% |           3      7.50%     37.50% |           4     10.00%     47.50% |           2      5.00%     52.50% |           2      5.00%     57.50% |           2      5.00%     62.50% |           2      5.00%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      2.50%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1      2.50%     72.50% |           0      0.00%     72.50% |           2      5.00%     77.50% |           0      0.00%     77.50% |           2      5.00%     82.50% |           0      0.00%     82.50% |           1      2.50%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      2.50%     87.50% |           1      2.50%     90.00% |           2      5.00%     95.00% |           2      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         561      3.36%      3.36% |         512      3.07%      6.43% |         495      2.96%      9.39% |         520      3.11%     12.51% |         497      2.98%     15.48% |         527      3.16%     18.64% |         510      3.05%     21.69% |         524      3.14%     24.83% |         498      2.98%     27.81% |         486      2.91%     30.72% |         508      3.04%     33.77% |         490      2.93%     36.70% |         506      3.03%     39.73% |         526      3.15%     42.88% |         530      3.17%     46.06% |         555      3.32%     49.38% |         535      3.20%     52.58% |         529      3.17%     55.75% |         521      3.12%     58.87% |         522      3.13%     62.00% |         521      3.12%     65.12% |         546      3.27%     68.39% |         545      3.26%     71.65% |         562      3.37%     75.02% |         542      3.25%     78.27% |         533      3.19%     81.46% |         508      3.04%     84.50% |         511      3.06%     87.56% |         514      3.08%     90.64% |         530      3.17%     93.81% |         529      3.17%     96.98% |         504      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        16697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.66%      5.66% |           2      3.77%      9.43% |           1      1.89%     11.32% |           2      3.77%     15.09% |           1      1.89%     16.98% |           0      0.00%     16.98% |           1      1.89%     18.87% |           3      5.66%     24.53% |           1      1.89%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           2      3.77%     39.62% |           0      0.00%     39.62% |           1      1.89%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           1      1.89%     45.28% |           0      0.00%     45.28% |           2      3.77%     49.06% |           1      1.89%     50.94% |           1      1.89%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           3      5.66%     62.26% |           3      5.66%     67.92% |           4      7.55%     75.47% |           2      3.77%     79.25% |           2      3.77%     83.02% |           0      0.00%     83.02% |           0      0.00%     83.02% |           3      5.66%     88.68% |           1      1.89%     90.57% |           0      0.00%     90.57% |           5      9.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.63%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           5     13.16%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |          28     73.68%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     20.97%     20.97% |          49     79.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           7      3.04%      3.04% |          10      4.35%      7.39% |           9      3.91%     11.30% |           8      3.48%     14.78% |           9      3.91%     18.70% |          14      6.09%     24.78% |           9      3.91%     28.70% |          12      5.22%     33.91% |           9      3.91%     37.83% |          14      6.09%     43.91% |          10      4.35%     48.26% |           9      3.91%     52.17% |           7      3.04%     55.22% |           9      3.91%     59.13% |           9      3.91%     63.04% |           9      3.91%     66.96% |           8      3.48%     70.43% |          10      4.35%     74.78% |           6      2.61%     77.39% |           4      1.74%     79.13% |           2      0.87%     80.00% |           6      2.61%     82.61% |           3      1.30%     83.91% |           5      2.17%     86.09% |           2      0.87%     86.96% |           3      1.30%     88.26% |           4      1.74%     90.00% |           3      1.30%     91.30% |           4      1.74%     93.04% |          10      4.35%     97.39% |           2      0.87%     98.26% |           4      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          230                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         270      2.94%      2.94% |         245      2.66%      5.60% |         293      3.19%      8.78% |         251      2.73%     11.51% |         260      2.83%     14.34% |         262      2.85%     17.19% |         287      3.12%     20.31% |         276      3.00%     23.31% |         284      3.09%     26.40% |         264      2.87%     29.27% |         294      3.20%     32.46% |         291      3.16%     35.63% |         291      3.16%     38.79% |         296      3.22%     42.01% |         320      3.48%     45.49% |         302      3.28%     48.77% |         286      3.11%     51.88% |         284      3.09%     54.97% |         298      3.24%     58.21% |         286      3.11%     61.32% |         353      3.84%     65.16% |         368      4.00%     69.16% |         309      3.36%     72.52% |         283      3.08%     75.59% |         268      2.91%     78.51% |         266      2.89%     81.40% |         282      3.07%     84.46% |         276      3.00%     87.46% |         286      3.11%     90.57% |         282      3.07%     93.64% |         304      3.31%     96.94% |         281      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         9198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           5      2.33%      2.33% |           8      3.72%      6.05% |           7      3.26%      9.30% |           7      3.26%     12.56% |           8      3.72%     16.28% |          13      6.05%     22.33% |          11      5.12%     27.44% |          10      4.65%     32.09% |          10      4.65%     36.74% |          13      6.05%     42.79% |          10      4.65%     47.44% |          10      4.65%     52.09% |           7      3.26%     55.35% |          11      5.12%     60.47% |           9      4.19%     64.65% |          10      4.65%     69.30% |           5      2.33%     71.63% |           5      2.33%     73.95% |           6      2.79%     76.74% |           3      1.40%     78.14% |           2      0.93%     79.07% |           6      2.79%     81.86% |           2      0.93%     82.79% |           4      1.86%     84.65% |           2      0.93%     85.58% |           3      1.40%     86.98% |           4      1.86%     88.84% |           6      2.79%     91.63% |           2      0.93%     92.56% |           8      3.72%     96.28% |           3      1.40%     97.67% |           5      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2160      3.08%      3.08% |        2128      3.03%      6.11% |        2125      3.03%      9.14% |        2120      3.02%     12.17% |        2078      2.96%     15.13% |        2115      3.02%     18.15% |        2147      3.06%     21.21% |        2129      3.04%     24.24% |        2112      3.01%     27.25% |        2141      3.05%     30.31% |        2200      3.14%     33.44% |        2196      3.13%     36.57% |        2161      3.08%     39.66% |        2211      3.15%     42.81% |        2249      3.21%     46.02% |        2259      3.22%     49.24% |        2169      3.09%     52.33% |        2225      3.17%     55.50% |        2172      3.10%     58.60% |        2181      3.11%     61.71% |        2182      3.11%     64.82% |        2305      3.29%     68.11% |        2319      3.31%     71.41% |        2319      3.31%     74.72% |        2244      3.20%     77.92% |        2284      3.26%     81.18% |        2244      3.20%     84.38% |        2208      3.15%     87.52% |        2167      3.09%     90.61% |        2172      3.10%     93.71% |        2202      3.14%     96.85% |        2209      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        70133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     44.44%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2976      3.21%      3.21% |        2938      3.17%      6.38% |        3009      3.25%      9.63% |        2954      3.19%     12.82% |        3066      3.31%     16.13% |        3025      3.27%     19.40% |        3069      3.31%     22.71% |        2998      3.24%     25.95% |        3075      3.32%     29.26% |        2995      3.23%     32.50% |        2978      3.21%     35.71% |        2906      3.14%     38.85% |        2997      3.24%     42.08% |        2931      3.16%     45.25% |        2962      3.20%     48.45% |        2882      3.11%     51.56% |        2929      3.16%     54.72% |        2816      3.04%     57.76% |        2773      2.99%     60.75% |        2715      2.93%     63.68% |        2772      2.99%     66.68% |        2761      2.98%     69.66% |        2782      3.00%     72.66% |        2759      2.98%     75.64% |        2840      3.07%     78.70% |        2779      3.00%     81.70% |        2788      3.01%     84.71% |        2766      2.99%     87.70% |        2836      3.06%     90.76% |        2817      3.04%     93.80% |        2866      3.09%     96.89% |        2877      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        92637                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        3469      3.22%      3.22% |        3380      3.14%      6.36% |        3439      3.19%      9.55% |        3390      3.15%     12.70% |        3518      3.27%     15.97% |        3450      3.20%     19.17% |        3507      3.26%     22.43% |        3470      3.22%     25.65% |        3553      3.30%     28.95% |        3423      3.18%     32.13% |        3436      3.19%     35.32% |        3378      3.14%     38.46% |        3549      3.30%     41.76% |        3435      3.19%     44.95% |        3428      3.18%     48.13% |        3378      3.14%     51.27% |        3391      3.15%     54.42% |        3311      3.07%     57.49% |        3261      3.03%     60.52% |        3162      2.94%     63.46% |        3192      2.96%     66.42% |        3240      3.01%     69.43% |        3226      3.00%     72.42% |        3197      2.97%     75.39% |        3328      3.09%     78.48% |        3320      3.08%     81.57% |        3264      3.03%     84.60% |        3212      2.98%     87.58% |        3274      3.04%     90.62% |        3344      3.11%     93.73% |        3376      3.14%     96.86% |        3378      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total       107679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        2517      3.30%      3.30% |        2511      3.30%      6.60% |        2548      3.35%      9.95% |        2552      3.35%     13.30% |        2561      3.36%     16.66% |        2582      3.39%     20.05% |        2574      3.38%     23.43% |        2622      3.44%     26.87% |        2610      3.43%     30.30% |        2601      3.41%     33.71% |        2485      3.26%     36.98% |        2447      3.21%     40.19% |        2457      3.23%     43.42% |        2427      3.19%     46.60% |        2400      3.15%     49.75% |        2467      3.24%     52.99% |        2420      3.18%     56.17% |        2369      3.11%     59.28% |        2268      2.98%     62.26% |        2168      2.85%     65.10% |        2129      2.80%     67.90% |        2183      2.87%     70.77% |        2116      2.78%     73.54% |        2246      2.95%     76.49% |        2287      3.00%     79.50% |        2268      2.98%     82.47% |        2278      2.99%     85.46% |        2253      2.96%     88.42% |        2162      2.84%     91.26% |        2190      2.88%     94.14% |        2188      2.87%     97.01% |        2278      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        76164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       49549      3.76%      3.76% |       40590      3.08%      6.85% |       40536      3.08%      9.93% |       40596      3.08%     13.01% |       40788      3.10%     16.11% |       40767      3.10%     19.20% |       40635      3.09%     22.29% |       40644      3.09%     25.38% |       40647      3.09%     28.47% |       40648      3.09%     31.55% |       40726      3.09%     34.65% |       40810      3.10%     37.75% |       41038      3.12%     40.86% |       40999      3.11%     43.98% |       40839      3.10%     47.08% |       40806      3.10%     50.18% |       40738      3.09%     53.28% |       40663      3.09%     56.36% |       40659      3.09%     59.45% |       40940      3.11%     62.56% |       41159      3.13%     65.69% |       41329      3.14%     68.83% |       41122      3.12%     71.95% |       41084      3.12%     75.07% |       41012      3.12%     78.19% |       40928      3.11%     81.30% |       40738      3.09%     84.39% |       40942      3.11%     87.50% |       41209      3.13%     90.63% |       41217      3.13%     93.76% |       41049      3.12%     96.88% |       41069      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1316476                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        3027      3.29%      3.29% |        2964      3.22%      6.50% |        3007      3.26%      9.77% |        3003      3.26%     13.02% |        3037      3.30%     16.32% |        3014      3.27%     19.59% |        3043      3.30%     22.89% |        3114      3.38%     26.27% |        3133      3.40%     29.67% |        3062      3.32%     33.00% |        2976      3.23%     36.23% |        2945      3.20%     39.42% |        3057      3.32%     42.74% |        2954      3.21%     45.95% |        2905      3.15%     49.10% |        2982      3.24%     52.34% |        2938      3.19%     55.53% |        2906      3.15%     58.68% |        2793      3.03%     61.71% |        2652      2.88%     64.59% |        2597      2.82%     67.41% |        2694      2.92%     70.33% |        2593      2.81%     73.15% |        2705      2.94%     76.08% |        2806      3.05%     79.13% |        2832      3.07%     82.20% |        2786      3.02%     85.22% |        2716      2.95%     88.17% |        2627      2.85%     91.02% |        2739      2.97%     94.00% |        2731      2.96%     96.96% |        2801      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        92139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       36613      3.13%      3.13% |       36503      3.12%      6.25% |       36512      3.12%      9.37% |       36551      3.12%     12.49% |       36589      3.13%     15.61% |       36587      3.13%     18.74% |       36549      3.12%     21.86% |       36567      3.12%     24.99% |       36581      3.13%     28.11% |       36543      3.12%     31.23% |       36576      3.12%     34.36% |       36612      3.13%     37.48% |       36664      3.13%     40.62% |       36643      3.13%     43.75% |       36563      3.12%     46.87% |       36580      3.12%     49.99% |       36580      3.12%     53.12% |       36524      3.12%     56.24% |       36516      3.12%     59.36% |       36543      3.12%     62.48% |       36668      3.13%     65.61% |       36657      3.13%     68.75% |       36556      3.12%     71.87% |       36585      3.13%     74.99% |       36597      3.13%     78.12% |       36549      3.12%     81.24% |       36582      3.13%     84.37% |       36583      3.13%     87.49% |       36642      3.13%     90.62% |       36632      3.13%     93.75% |       36581      3.13%     96.88% |       36557      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1170585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          56      1.96%      1.96% |          80      2.80%      4.76% |          63      2.21%      6.97% |          65      2.28%      9.25% |          79      2.77%     12.01% |          83      2.91%     14.92% |          96      3.36%     18.28% |          58      2.03%     20.32% |          80      2.80%     23.12% |          72      2.52%     25.64% |          87      3.05%     28.69% |          91      3.19%     31.87% |          97      3.40%     35.27% |         105      3.68%     38.95% |         121      4.24%     43.19% |          78      2.73%     45.92% |          83      2.91%     48.83% |          59      2.07%     50.89% |          82      2.87%     53.77% |          96      3.36%     57.13% |         102      3.57%     60.70% |          66      2.31%     63.01% |         121      4.24%     67.25% |          85      2.98%     70.23% |          90      3.15%     73.38% |          84      2.94%     76.32% |          78      2.73%     79.05% |          98      3.43%     82.49% |         126      4.41%     86.90% |         110      3.85%     90.75% |         138      4.83%     95.59% |         126      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2855                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           2     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      213560      5.28%      5.28% |      123308      3.05%      8.33% |      121870      3.01%     11.34% |      124029      3.07%     14.40% |      121949      3.01%     17.42% |      121195      3.00%     20.41% |      121198      3.00%     23.41% |      120624      2.98%     26.39% |      121093      2.99%     29.38% |      121853      3.01%     32.40% |      123813      3.06%     35.46% |      122916      3.04%     38.50% |      121867      3.01%     41.51% |      122336      3.02%     44.53% |      120956      2.99%     47.52% |      121088      2.99%     50.51% |      122259      3.02%     53.54% |      122249      3.02%     56.56% |      122821      3.04%     59.59% |      123173      3.04%     62.64% |      123527      3.05%     65.69% |      137973      3.41%     69.10% |      131605      3.25%     72.35% |      122276      3.02%     75.38% |      122672      3.03%     78.41% |      122820      3.04%     81.45% |      122465      3.03%     84.47% |      122309      3.02%     87.50% |      123701      3.06%     90.55% |      122731      3.03%     93.59% |      126252      3.12%     96.71% |      133220      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4045708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.00%      8.00% |           0      0.00%      8.00% |           5     20.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           2      8.00%     36.00% |           0      0.00%     36.00% |           4     16.00%     52.00% |           0      0.00%     52.00% |           0      0.00%     52.00% |           0      0.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2      8.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           1      4.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           3     12.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           1      4.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.47%      1.47% |           2      2.94%      4.41% |           0      0.00%      4.41% |           2      2.94%      7.35% |           2      2.94%     10.29% |           0      0.00%     10.29% |           2      2.94%     13.24% |           0      0.00%     13.24% |           2      2.94%     16.18% |           8     11.76%     27.94% |           2      2.94%     30.88% |           5      7.35%     38.24% |           2      2.94%     41.18% |           2      2.94%     44.12% |           4      5.88%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      1.47%     51.47% |           1      1.47%     52.94% |           4      5.88%     58.82% |           4      5.88%     64.71% |           4      5.88%     70.59% |           2      2.94%     73.53% |           3      4.41%     77.94% |           2      2.94%     80.88% |           1      1.47%     82.35% |           3      4.41%     86.76% |           2      2.94%     89.71% |           2      2.94%     92.65% |           4      5.88%     98.53% |           1      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         436      2.60%      2.60% |         410      2.44%      5.04% |         428      2.55%      7.59% |         383      2.28%      9.88% |         466      2.78%     12.65% |         441      2.63%     15.28% |         464      2.77%     18.05% |         404      2.41%     20.46% |         447      2.66%     23.12% |         404      2.41%     25.53% |         501      2.99%     28.51% |         478      2.85%     31.36% |         548      3.27%     34.63% |         545      3.25%     37.88% |         598      3.56%     41.44% |         483      2.88%     44.32% |         547      3.26%     47.58% |         520      3.10%     50.68% |         575      3.43%     54.11% |         609      3.63%     57.74% |         667      3.98%     61.71% |         596      3.55%     65.26% |         672      4.01%     69.27% |         540      3.22%     72.49% |         567      3.38%     75.87% |         541      3.22%     79.09% |         525      3.13%     82.22% |         532      3.17%     85.39% |         659      3.93%     89.32% |         597      3.56%     92.88% |         626      3.73%     96.61% |         569      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        16778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           5      1.09%      1.09% |           5      1.09%      2.18% |           5      1.09%      3.27% |           4      0.87%      4.14% |          18      3.92%      8.06% |           9      1.96%     10.02% |          34      7.41%     17.43% |           2      0.44%     17.86% |          30      6.54%     24.40% |          24      5.23%     29.63% |          18      3.92%     33.55% |          15      3.27%     36.82% |           9      1.96%     38.78% |          13      2.83%     41.61% |          15      3.27%     44.88% |          20      4.36%     49.24% |          19      4.14%     53.38% |          11      2.40%     55.77% |           9      1.96%     57.73% |           7      1.53%     59.26% |          17      3.70%     62.96% |          23      5.01%     67.97% |          23      5.01%     72.98% |           9      1.96%     74.95% |          12      2.61%     77.56% |           7      1.53%     79.08% |          11      2.40%     81.48% |           8      1.74%     83.22% |          16      3.49%     86.71% |          25      5.45%     92.16% |          26      5.66%     97.82% |          10      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           5      1.09%      1.09% |           5      1.09%      2.18% |           5      1.09%      3.27% |           4      0.87%      4.14% |          18      3.92%      8.06% |           9      1.96%     10.02% |          34      7.41%     17.43% |           2      0.44%     17.86% |          30      6.54%     24.40% |          24      5.23%     29.63% |          18      3.92%     33.55% |          15      3.27%     36.82% |           9      1.96%     38.78% |          13      2.83%     41.61% |          15      3.27%     44.88% |          20      4.36%     49.24% |          19      4.14%     53.38% |          11      2.40%     55.77% |           9      1.96%     57.73% |           7      1.53%     59.26% |          17      3.70%     62.96% |          23      5.01%     67.97% |          23      5.01%     72.98% |           9      1.96%     74.95% |          12      2.61%     77.56% |           7      1.53%     79.08% |          11      2.40%     81.48% |           8      1.74%     83.22% |          16      3.49%     86.71% |          25      5.45%     92.16% |          26      5.66%     97.82% |          10      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         436      2.60%      2.60% |         410      2.44%      5.04% |         428      2.55%      7.59% |         383      2.28%      9.87% |         466      2.78%     12.65% |         441      2.63%     15.28% |         464      2.76%     18.04% |         404      2.41%     20.45% |         447      2.66%     23.11% |         404      2.41%     25.52% |         501      2.99%     28.51% |         478      2.85%     31.35% |         548      3.27%     34.62% |         545      3.25%     37.87% |         598      3.56%     41.43% |         483      2.88%     44.31% |         547      3.26%     47.57% |         520      3.10%     50.66% |         575      3.43%     54.09% |         609      3.63%     57.72% |         667      3.97%     61.69% |         598      3.56%     65.26% |         672      4.00%     69.26% |         540      3.22%     72.48% |         567      3.38%     75.86% |         541      3.22%     79.08% |         526      3.13%     82.21% |         532      3.17%     85.38% |         659      3.93%     89.31% |         597      3.56%     92.87% |         626      3.73%     96.60% |         571      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        16783                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |     1587764     24.92%     24.92% |     3185955     50.00%     74.92% |      199260      3.13%     78.05% |      200138      3.14%     81.19% |      199453      3.13%     84.32% |      200247      3.14%     87.46% |      199721      3.13%     90.59% |      200068      3.14%     93.73% |      199366      3.13%     96.86% |      199938      3.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      6371910                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |     1587764     24.92%     24.92% |     3185955     50.00%     74.92% |      199260      3.13%     78.05% |      200138      3.14%     81.19% |      199453      3.13%     84.32% |      200247      3.14%     87.46% |      199721      3.13%     90.59% |      200068      3.14%     93.73% |      199366      3.13%     96.86% |      199938      3.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      6371910                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |     1587764     24.92%     24.92% |     3185955     50.00%     74.92% |      199260      3.13%     78.05% |      200138      3.14%     81.19% |      199453      3.13%     84.32% |      200247      3.14%     87.46% |      199721      3.13%     90.59% |      200068      3.14%     93.73% |      199366      3.13%     96.86% |      199938      3.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      6371910                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |     1587764     24.92%     24.92% |     3185955     50.00%     74.92% |      199260      3.13%     78.05% |      200138      3.14%     81.19% |      199453      3.13%     84.32% |      200247      3.14%     87.46% |      199721      3.13%     90.59% |      200068      3.14%     93.73% |      199366      3.13%     96.86% |      199938      3.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      6371910                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
