
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.131616                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                131616114500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5307784193000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33152                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57084                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               99498006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4494812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1322.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43853440                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75510518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21447808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21447808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13536832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13536832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211513                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211513                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    162957310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            162957310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    102850871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           102850871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    265808181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           265808181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211513                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211513                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21446336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13536704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21447808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13536832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     7676                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2802                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 131615569000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211513                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 188540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  20459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  16890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  14146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  12604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  4259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  8410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  38875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  40274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  40692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  40817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  40381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   5058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       152635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.183189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.801929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.256621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52447     34.36%     34.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30950     20.28%     54.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52356     34.30%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5569      3.65%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3758      2.46%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2128      1.39%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1312      0.86%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1059      0.69%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3056      2.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       152635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        39149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.559095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.927984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        39136     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        39149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        39149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.402718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.277493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.571731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          37196     95.01%     95.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1141      2.91%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          400      1.02%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          412      1.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        39149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13711742781                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            19994849031                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    40918.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               59668.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      162.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      102.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   162.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   102.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  255029                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 138936                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    240774.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041392250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4394780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    99175085250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              582581160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              571278960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              317876625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              311709750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1313777400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299636000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688052880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682389360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        50323495950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49889471445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34823328750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35204052000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96645302445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          96554727195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.324057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.635854                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20798144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20798144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12912128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12912128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158021258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158021258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98104461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98104461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    256125719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           256125719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201752                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20797056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12912000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20798144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12912128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     4408                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2194                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 131615294500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 184690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  18102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  16810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  14791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  13150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  5063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  37048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  38385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  38702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  38830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  38857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       125719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.117437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.660476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   204.674438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25786     20.51%     20.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29984     23.85%     44.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52095     41.44%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5020      3.99%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4369      3.48%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2245      1.79%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1457      1.16%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1156      0.92%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3607      2.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       125719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.713370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.255695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37259     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           31      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.410008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.278485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.603483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          35125     94.19%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1376      3.69%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          425      1.14%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          366      0.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 11996769763                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            18089657263                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    36918.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               55668.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  256172                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144806                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    249875.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549207000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4394780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    98667270500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              481466160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              468931680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              262704750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              255865500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275323400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1258990200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656709120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650488320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49761460845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48820894155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35316342000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36141400500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          96350195955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          96192760035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.081798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.885579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20797056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20797056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12912512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12912512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158012992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158012992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98107379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98107379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    256120370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           256120370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201758                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201758                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20796032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12912448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20797056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12912512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     3864                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1999                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 131616024500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324954                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201758                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 184551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  18278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  16573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  14696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  12939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  37019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  38356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  38741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  38885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  38856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       125674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.208858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.837118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   204.136820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26009     20.70%     20.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29070     23.13%     43.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52895     42.09%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4978      3.96%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4367      3.47%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2156      1.72%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1489      1.18%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1083      0.86%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3627      2.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       125674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.718759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.348052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37239     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           26      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.413825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.281872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.603627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          35070     94.10%     94.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1392      3.74%     97.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          436      1.17%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          369      0.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 11862353820                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            17954941320                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    36506.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               55256.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255955                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145059                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    249882.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4394780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    98812575000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              481942440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              468107640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              262964625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              255415875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275105000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259076000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656624880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650617920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        49492889100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        48565037970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35551931250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36365835750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          96317646975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          96160280835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.834486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.638797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20776064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20776064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12911360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12911360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    157853497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            157853497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98098626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98098626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    255952124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           255952124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324626                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201740                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324626                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201740                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20775232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12911232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20776064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12911360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     2862                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1749                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 131615294500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324626                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201740                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 184338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  18057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  16915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  14678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  13305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  3431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  37070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  38445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  38900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  38952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  38901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       124876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.742400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.630518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   204.191638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25086     20.09%     20.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29297     23.46%     43.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52825     42.30%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4932      3.95%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4384      3.51%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2149      1.72%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1463      1.17%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1131      0.91%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3609      2.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       124876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.697902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.736474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37285     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           31      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.405772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.277766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.574851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          35136     94.15%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1424      3.82%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          409      1.10%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          350      0.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 11792535170                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            17879028920                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    36327.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               55077.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      157.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   157.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  255783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145685                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    250045.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931466750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4394780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    99285014500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              478200240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              465839640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              260922750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              254178375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273342200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258303800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656534160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650585520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8596189680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49266733905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        48520212030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35750315250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36405159000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          96282238185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          96150468045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.565425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.564218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11833604                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 40.350387                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.722234                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                80.381132                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11713311     98.98%     98.98% |      119803      1.01%    100.00% |         489      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11833604                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33335179                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.015157                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.528867                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.201344                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    31461185     94.38%     94.38% |     1350598      4.05%     98.43% |       45198      0.14%     98.57% |       64292      0.19%     98.76% |       38334      0.11%     98.87% |       44799      0.13%     99.01% |       41632      0.12%     99.13% |      107396      0.32%     99.45% |      181745      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33335179                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33335178                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              18.119242                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.797775                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             95.634433                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33288498     99.86%     99.86% |       37656      0.11%     99.97% |        5205      0.02%     99.99% |        3017      0.01%    100.00% |         745      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33335178                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        31414826                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000173                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000149                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013217                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    31409403     99.98%     99.98% |        5422      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          31414826                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920352                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        265.450425                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       179.662248                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       306.351682                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1873672     97.57%     97.57% |       37656      1.96%     99.53% |        5205      0.27%     99.80% |        3017      0.16%     99.96% |         745      0.04%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920352                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         347232                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       347232                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           65                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24302435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173356                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25475791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      7111023                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7236778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       516192                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        45104                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       159570                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2086023                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70106                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        19905                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        20277                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        20193                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        19754                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        20704                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        20448                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        20469                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        20229                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125016                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175775                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51920                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50385                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54762                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52647                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40584                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61596                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56674                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16578                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57018                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19044                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19809                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27985                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63071                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        61286                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     19346093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     19346093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19628618                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     19346093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8526631                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8471165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     19346093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.073494                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      8587178                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      8587178                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8860457                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8587178                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4612420                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4517518                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      8587178                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.032622                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5902673                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5902673                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6115080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5902673                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2426847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2407713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5902673                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4963657                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4963657                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5167494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4963657                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2134633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2121685                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4963657                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018857                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6883671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6883671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7141573                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6883671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3347501                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3298531                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6883671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.026151                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6786647                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6786647                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7024156                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6786647                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3182257                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3155343                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6786647                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025782                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7638318                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7638318                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7951841                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7638318                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2947319                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2904494                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7638318                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029017                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5043190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5043190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5335166                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5043190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2138606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2094386                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5043190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019159                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3357851                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3357851                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3487715                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3357851                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1497916                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1479911                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3357851                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012756                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4606218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4606218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4846186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4606218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2202992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2165842                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4606218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017499                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3145031                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3145031                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3223570                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3145031                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1273211                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262599                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3145031                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011948                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2727791                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2727791                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2741118                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2727791                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1089641                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2727791                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010363                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3793776                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3793776                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3811681                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3793776                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1676997                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676600                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3793776                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014412                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890682                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890682                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2905003                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890682                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167930                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167582                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890682                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010981                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1689311                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1689311                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1707143                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1689311                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       658523                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657251                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1689311                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006418                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2500070                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2500070                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2541070                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2500070                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       989155                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       986666                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2500070                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009498                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515835                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515835                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565290                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515835                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1300941                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1297219                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515835                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013356                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2671431                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2671431                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2726483                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2671431                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1026899                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022007                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2671431                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010149                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2665830                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2665830                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2725524                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2665830                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1069071                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065082                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2665830                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010127                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584403                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584403                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1594993                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584403                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627930                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627639                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584403                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006019                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453443                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633243                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633206                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005513                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050257                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050257                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2053162                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050257                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050257                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007789                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1707372                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742710                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742657                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006473                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433960                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433960                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059624                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004025                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1396956                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581414                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581374                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005298                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1882909                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1882909                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1885789                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1882909                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862417                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1882909                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007153                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1642007                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702480                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702411                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006225                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060842                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060842                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060842                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060842                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060842                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004030                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6163509                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6163509                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6416105                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6163509                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2534435                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2529057                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6163509                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023415                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6140288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6140288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6339070                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6140288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2477798                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470580                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6140288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023327                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6267489                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6267489                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6494263                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6267489                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2493346                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2482989                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6267489                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023810                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6404594                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6404594                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6616727                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6404594                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2579185                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2566946                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6404594                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024331                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    10818962     29.77%     29.77% |    23709564     65.24%     95.01% |     1812164      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     36340690                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    10818962     29.77%     29.77% |    23709564     65.24%     95.01% |     1812164      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     36340690                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   336245841                       |   577838106                       |    39961129                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   365147375                       |    91791963                       |     1812164                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.079307                       |   24.371520                       |   22.051607                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   33.750685                       |    3.871516                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.252806                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    12.623632                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         38.876438                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002144                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.049137      7.44%      7.44% |    0.048813      7.39%     14.83% |    0.048722      7.38%     22.21% |    0.048581      7.36%     29.56% |    0.108966     16.50%     46.06% |    0.106606     16.14%     62.20% |    0.108946     16.50%     78.70% |    0.106555     16.13%     94.83% |    0.008536      1.29%     96.12% |    0.008537      1.29%     97.41% |    0.008538      1.29%     98.71% |    0.008537      1.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.660475                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016326                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028737                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001165                       |    0.001165                       |    0.001165                       |    0.001165                       |    0.001165                       |    0.001165                       |    0.001165                       |    0.001165                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004895                       |    0.001986                       |    0.001868                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001885                       |    0.001796                       |    0.001789                       |    0.001923                       |    0.001913                       |    0.001987                       |    0.001916                       |    0.001848                       |    0.001832                       |    0.001846                       |    0.001812                       |    0.001911                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001889                       |    0.001974                       |    0.001981                       |    0.002197                       |    0.002069                       |    0.001956                       |    0.001969                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001938                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002021                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002221                       |    0.002098                       |    0.007632                       |    0.007400                       |    0.007399                       |    0.007392                       |    0.000091                       |           0                       |    0.001114                       |    0.002434                       |    0.000163                       |    0.000168                       |    0.000164                       |    0.000166                       |    0.000166                       |    0.000169                       |    0.000161                       |    0.000162                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002072                       |    0.001247                       |    0.001768                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000161                       |    0.002324                       |    0.004802                       |    0.001692                       |           0                       |    0.002131                       |    0.005664                       |           0                       |    0.004983                       |    0.008245                       |    0.002391                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001979                       |    0.000163                       |    0.004925                       |    0.004043                       |    0.009546                       |    0.001768                       |    0.002038                       |    0.000168                       |    0.007626                       |    0.004150                       |    0.003106                       |           0                       |    0.002148                       |    0.005438                       |           0                       |    0.008110                       |    0.004565                       |    0.003066                       |           0                       |    0.002021                       |           0                       |    0.003885                       |    0.002288                       |    0.002169                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.001969                       |    0.001247                       |           0                       |    0.002247                       |           0                       |    0.001117                       |    0.002197                       |    0.002229                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001996                       |    0.000162                       |    0.002452                       |    0.004155                       |    0.004927                       |    0.002038                       |    0.001768                       |    0.002056                       |    0.000164                       |    0.004035                       |    0.008461                       |    0.006694                       |    0.002972                       |    0.029191                       |    0.004335                       |    0.001114                       |    0.003356                       |    0.013838                       |    0.017779                       |    0.003881                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002094                       |    0.002434                       |    0.003420                       |    0.007476                       |    0.013350                       |    0.003848                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001968                       |    0.000166                       |    0.005857                       |    0.005037                       |    0.007404                       |    0.003581                       |           0                       |    0.001951                       |           0                       |    0.001913                       |    0.003773                       |    0.003831                       |    0.002944                       |           0                       |    0.002037                       |           0                       |    0.001041                       |    0.001925                       |    0.002150                       |           0                       |    0.002146                       |           0                       |    0.000190                       |    0.002069                       |    0.002069                       |           0                       |    0.002076                       |           0                       |    0.001909                       |    0.002176                       |    0.003837                       |    0.001951                       |           0                       |    0.002344                       |    0.005438                       |           0                       |    0.001700                       |    0.004971                       |    0.007443                       |    0.001914                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001896                       |    0.000166                       |    0.015033                       |    0.004907                       |    0.003246                       |    0.002002                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001897                       |    0.000169                       |    0.002279                       |    0.007422                       |    0.003664                       |    0.001958                       |           0                       |    0.002195                       |    0.005435                       |           0                       |    0.002377                       |    0.008058                       |    0.004268                       |    0.001997                       |           0                       |    0.001923                       |           0                       |    0.001066                       |    0.003770                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |    0.002066                       |           0                       |    0.000150                       |    0.001938                       |    0.002071                       |           0                       |    0.002069                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001956                       |           0                       |    0.001951                       |           0                       |    0.000884                       |           0                       |    0.003583                       |           0                       |    0.001914                       |           0                       |    0.002473                       |    0.000665                       |    0.004445                       |           0                       |    0.002002                       |           0                       |    0.007144                       |    0.002188                       |    0.002023                       |           0                       |    0.001958                       |           0                       |    0.000884                       |    0.004999                       |    0.002308                       |           0                       |    0.001997                       |           0                       |    0.003825                       |    0.004305                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003933                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002071                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001959                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.660475                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6860153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6860153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4277996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3642364                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.141828                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          536352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30341                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14229645                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84172                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19214234                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182121                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14313817                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19396355                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  33443879                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266293                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              33710172                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7244008                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9652                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7253660                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7244008                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9652                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7253660                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                259485391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24829124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51798803                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6860153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4178716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             229115807                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          909032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       428486                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340306                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7243334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3870                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    255507188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.364296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.518351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        238221090     93.23%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2359215      0.92%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1323694      0.52%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1072090      0.42%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1918282      0.75%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1512725      0.59%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1216711      0.48%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           746610      0.29%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7136771      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    255507188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.199621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12067636                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     230374671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6907127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5703231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454516                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       88451793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454516                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14443969                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       123633306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15552476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10067780                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      91355134                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       86373060                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2796181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     85124538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     208610915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    136618945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      72891682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395074                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41331869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7381786                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19591620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       977885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       786968                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           84622221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       519980                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          89060789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9372002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508704                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128996                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255507188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.348565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.034383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217463579     85.11%     85.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14756375      5.78%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11556919      4.52%     95.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3743884      1.47%     96.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3384711      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2365661      0.93%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394773      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507151      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334135      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255507188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135437     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928802     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574090      0.64%      0.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      54726564     61.45%     62.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14209867     15.96%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19441912     21.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       89060789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.343221                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220520                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435169261                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     94523180                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80711389                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       89707200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1398504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2710                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9255                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752064                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8078921                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454516                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5225480                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115469961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     85142201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7381786                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19591620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       510968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          80160                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9255                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335166                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      88352128                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14010941                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             33246331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5435598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19235390                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.340490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80828519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80711401                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          36278168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          57885635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.311044                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.626721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       390984                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253924263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.297374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.037156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    222582087     87.66%     87.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11629957      4.58%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11560397      4.55%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3084595      1.21%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1382653      0.54%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       533481      0.21%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674457      0.27%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551868      0.22%     99.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1924768      0.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253924263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43853439                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75510515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24880797                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6041241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4962813                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74897512                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       450784                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     50199811     66.48%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6041241      8.00%     75.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18839556     24.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75510515                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1924768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            336937798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           171870111                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3978203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43853439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75510515                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       5.917105                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 5.917105                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.169002                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.169002                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        142258211                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55398733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27428088                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22622122                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        44572386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2282113500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2282113499.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502235                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        57.176010                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       31.299044                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      114.960275                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5381942     97.81%     97.81% |      119803      2.18%     99.99% |         489      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502235                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313366                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.738064                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.298958                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.459707                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4440476     70.33%     70.33% |     1822315     28.86%     99.20% |       38916      0.62%     99.82% |        9347      0.15%     99.96% |        1972      0.03%     99.99% |         268      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313366                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18003                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.264845                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.957405                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.117490                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         623      3.46%      3.46% |        2083     11.57%     15.03% |        8222     45.67%     60.70% |        4243     23.57%     84.27% |        2809     15.60%     99.87% |          22      0.12%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18003                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6816182                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           39.030752                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.741211                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         163.298924                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6788663     99.60%     99.60% |       20718      0.30%     99.90% |        3831      0.06%     99.96% |        2314      0.03%     99.99% |         607      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6816182                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6083908                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000589                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000508                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024463                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6080331     99.94%     99.94% |        3576      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6083908                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732274                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     338.377984                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    212.173439                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    384.479389                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      704755     96.24%     96.24% |       20718      2.83%     99.07% |        3831      0.52%     99.59% |        2314      0.32%     99.91% |         607      0.08%     99.99% |          47      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732274                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18987333                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           15.893099                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.749902                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          78.461972                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18968176     99.90%     99.90% |       16934      0.09%     99.99% |        1374      0.01%    100.00% |         703      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18987333                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17953680                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000096                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009819                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17951949     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17953680                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     239.833676                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    180.658196                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    245.049152                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1014496     98.15%     98.15% |       16934      1.64%     99.78% |        1374      0.13%     99.92% |         703      0.07%     99.99% |         138      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7236778                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.477435                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.173918                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.694586                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7233549     99.96%     99.96% |        2978      0.04%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7236778                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      7111023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000530                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7111021    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      7111023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125755                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.021415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.832493                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.740394                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      122526     97.43%     97.43% |        2978      2.37%     99.80% |         222      0.18%     99.98% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.914844                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168687                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.679768                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287274     97.85%     97.85% |        4938      1.68%     99.53% |        1113      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264826     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.629784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.341970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.559602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4938     17.24%     95.23% |        1113      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          49      0.17%     99.97% |           9      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       220912                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      4277277                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        72350                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    44175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    43551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    43708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    45023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    42814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    43415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    43074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    44084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  33681                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  34305                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  34148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  32833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  35042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  34441                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  34782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  33772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     6457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     6499                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     6468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     6281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     6742                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     6535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     6629                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     6481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles               123124612                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles               127131556                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               128402045                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles               126319166                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               125278876                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles               128066426                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               126675255                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               130391767                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                35246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                34405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                34878                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                35602                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                33840                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                34226                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                34445                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                34852                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              23922                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              24763                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              24290                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              23566                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              25328                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              24942                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              24723                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              24316                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                9146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                8830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                9421                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                8974                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                9189                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                8629                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                9232                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              9759                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              9542                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              9858                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              9267                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              9714                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              9499                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             10059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              9456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4385434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                4425033                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4424315                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                4325576                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4443211                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4426289                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4458785                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                4427912                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4136040                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               4176940                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4179756                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               4066368                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4180622                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4171507                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4196992                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               4165956                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1468914                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1461272                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              1462569                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1461624                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1455779                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1437644                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              1485118                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1491261                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4136040                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          4176940                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4179756                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          4066368                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4180622                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4171507                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4196992                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          4165956                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1468914                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1461272                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1462569                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1461624                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1455779                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1437644                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1485118                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1491261                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4324922                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            4364521                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4363803                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            4265064                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4382699                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4365777                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4398273                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            4367400                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4361723                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          4399154                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4363048                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          4276454                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          4421304                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4390868                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          4430676                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4387592                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             27224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             27806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             27680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             26552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             28300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             27906                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             28153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             27291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              8929                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              9146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              8830                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              9421                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              8974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              9189                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              8629                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              9232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              7636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              6423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335097     25.59%     25.59% |      324971     24.81%     50.40% |      324954     24.81%     75.21% |      324626     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205697     25.92%     25.92% |      195930     24.69%     50.62% |      195933     24.69%     75.31% |      195913     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793473                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335122     25.59%     25.59% |      324971     24.81%     50.40% |      324954     24.81%     75.21% |      324626     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211513     25.90%     25.90% |      201752     24.70%     50.60% |      201758     24.70%     75.30% |      201740     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       816763                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121208     25.07%     25.07% |      120849     25.00%     50.07% |      120829     25.00%     75.07% |      120521     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335097     25.59%     25.59% |      324971     24.81%     50.40% |      324954     24.81%     75.21% |      324626     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205460     25.92%     25.92% |      195752     24.69%     50.61% |      195758     24.69%     75.31% |      195740     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       792710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121208     25.07%     25.07% |      120849     25.00%     50.07% |      120829     25.00%     75.07% |      120521     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335097     25.59%     25.59% |      324971     24.81%     50.40% |      324954     24.81%     75.21% |      324626     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309648                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205460     25.92%     25.92% |      195752     24.69%     50.61% |      195758     24.69%     75.31% |      195740     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       792710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6348759     93.06%     93.06% |          17      0.00%     93.06% |       59145      0.87%     93.93% |       59147      0.87%     94.80% |       59147      0.87%     95.66% |       59146      0.87%     96.53% |       59147      0.87%     97.40% |       59149      0.87%     98.27% |       59144      0.87%     99.13% |       59149      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6821950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7236840    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7236840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19136928     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |       18688      0.10%     99.32% |       18688      0.10%     99.42% |       18688      0.10%     99.52% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.71% |       18688      0.10%     99.81% |       18688      0.10%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19286432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17953     99.85%     99.85% |          17      0.09%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           5      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297090     67.76%     67.76% |           0      0.00%     67.76% |       77152      4.03%     71.79% |       77133      4.03%     75.82% |       77143      4.03%     79.85% |       77150      4.03%     83.88% |       77150      4.03%     87.91% |       77148      4.03%     91.94% |       77142      4.03%     95.97% |       77160      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260097     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58967      8.06%     43.60% |       58952      8.06%     51.65% |       58963      8.06%     59.71% |       58967      8.06%     67.77% |       58968      8.06%     75.83% |       58969      8.06%     83.88% |       58961      8.06%     91.94% |       58972      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           4     19.05%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038992     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18688      1.57%     90.57% |       18686      1.57%     92.14% |       18688      1.57%     93.71% |       18688      1.57%     95.28% |       18687      1.57%     96.86% |       18687      1.57%     98.43% |       18688      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170606     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77143      4.32%     69.80% |       77128      4.31%     74.11% |       77137      4.31%     78.42% |       77142      4.32%     82.74% |       77144      4.32%     87.05% |       77144      4.32%     91.37% |       77136      4.31%     95.68% |       77142      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259965     35.53%     35.53% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58967      8.06%     43.59% |       58952      8.06%     51.65% |       58963      8.06%     59.70% |       58971      8.06%     67.76% |       58968      8.06%     75.82% |       58969      8.06%     83.88% |       58962      8.06%     91.94% |       58972      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912764     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.44% |       18686      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       18687      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           5      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         568    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3707    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          37    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1658     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     7111023    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      7111023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4654     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3365928     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         169      0.01%     99.96% |         184      0.01%     99.97% |         173      0.01%     99.98% |         165      0.00%     99.98% |         168      0.00%     99.99% |         167      0.00%     99.99% |         174      0.01%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3367292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1979     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194940     29.37%     29.37% |           0      0.00%     29.37% |       58601      8.83%     38.20% |       58586      8.83%     47.03% |       58597      8.83%     55.85% |       58600      8.83%     64.68% |       58603      8.83%     73.51% |       58603      8.83%     82.34% |       58611      8.83%     91.17% |       58602      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2709417    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2709417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18156764    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18156768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975666     86.80%     86.80% |           0      0.00%     86.80% |       18542      1.65%     88.45% |       18542      1.65%     90.10% |       18540      1.65%     91.75% |       18542      1.65%     93.40% |       18541      1.65%     95.05% |       18541      1.65%     96.70% |       18525      1.65%     98.35% |       18540      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     98.54%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           9      0.27%     98.81% |           5      0.15%     98.96% |           6      0.18%     99.13% |           3      0.09%     99.22% |           6      0.18%     99.40% |           4      0.12%     99.52% |           5      0.15%     99.67% |          11      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260097     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58967      8.06%     43.60% |       58952      8.06%     51.65% |       58963      8.06%     59.71% |       58967      8.06%     67.77% |       58968      8.06%     75.83% |       58969      8.06%     83.88% |       58961      8.06%     91.94% |       58972      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           4     19.05%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126191    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35     97.22%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912801     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.45% |       18686      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       18687      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.51%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           9      0.16%     98.67% |          11      0.19%     98.86% |          11      0.19%     99.05% |          10      0.17%     99.22% |          11      0.19%     99.41% |          13      0.23%     99.64% |           8      0.14%     99.77% |          13      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170606     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77143      4.32%     69.80% |       77128      4.31%     74.11% |       77137      4.31%     78.42% |       77142      4.32%     82.74% |       77144      4.32%     87.05% |       77144      4.32%     91.37% |       77136      4.31%     95.68% |       77142      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787722                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3725      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.75%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3749      2.98%     20.65% |        3350      2.66%     23.31% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3138      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3420      2.72%     72.59% |        3733      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4107      3.27%     88.24% |        5236      4.16%     92.40% |        5094      4.05%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125787                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114183     15.59%     15.59% |       20772      2.84%     18.43% |       18702      2.55%     20.98% |       21409      2.92%     23.91% |       20940      2.86%     26.76% |       19806      2.70%     29.47% |       18235      2.49%     31.96% |       18198      2.48%     34.44% |       20758      2.83%     37.28% |       19040      2.60%     39.88% |       22401      3.06%     42.94% |       20502      2.80%     45.74% |       19011      2.60%     48.33% |       18489      2.52%     50.86% |       18190      2.48%     53.34% |       18186      2.48%     55.82% |       20285      2.77%     58.59% |       18684      2.55%     61.15% |       18871      2.58%     63.72% |       19911      2.72%     66.44% |       19862      2.71%     69.15% |       26173      3.57%     72.73% |       23104      3.15%     75.88% |       19561      2.67%     78.55% |       19504      2.66%     81.22% |       18925      2.58%     83.80% |       18455      2.52%     86.32% |       18169      2.48%     88.80% |       20084      2.74%     91.54% |       19390      2.65%     94.19% |       21161      2.89%     97.08% |       21377      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30806      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30305      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34684      3.26%     63.16% |       37260      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33994      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062330                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171566      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49323      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51359      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53866      3.01%     37.85% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50385      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.55% |       53822      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63142      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53298      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52122      2.92%     87.02% |       55324      3.09%     90.12% |       54976      3.08%     93.19% |       63282      3.54%     96.73% |       58395      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34142      4.31%      4.31% |       24449      3.08%      7.39% |       24467      3.09%     10.48% |       24458      3.09%     13.57% |       24447      3.08%     16.65% |       24446      3.08%     19.74% |       24452      3.09%     22.82% |       24454      3.09%     25.91% |       24472      3.09%     28.99% |       24475      3.09%     32.08% |       24474      3.09%     35.17% |       24482      3.09%     38.26% |       24462      3.09%     41.35% |       24469      3.09%     44.43% |       24465      3.09%     47.52% |       24459      3.09%     50.61% |       24487      3.09%     53.70% |       24471      3.09%     56.78% |       24478      3.09%     59.87% |       24474      3.09%     62.96% |       24461      3.09%     66.05% |       24480      3.09%     69.14% |       24471      3.09%     72.22% |       24462      3.09%     75.31% |       24474      3.09%     78.40% |       24469      3.09%     81.49% |       24462      3.09%     84.57% |       24456      3.09%     87.66% |       24461      3.09%     90.74% |       24445      3.08%     93.83% |       24454      3.09%     96.91% |       24457      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792535                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15498      3.20%      3.20% |       15109      3.12%      6.33% |       15119      3.13%      9.46% |       15095      3.12%     12.58% |       15073      3.12%     15.69% |       15032      3.11%     18.80% |       15075      3.12%     21.92% |       15085      3.12%     25.04% |       15131      3.13%     28.17% |       15078      3.12%     31.29% |       15129      3.13%     34.41% |       15080      3.12%     37.53% |       15157      3.13%     40.67% |       15121      3.13%     43.79% |       15121      3.13%     46.92% |       15062      3.11%     50.04% |       15094      3.12%     53.16% |       15114      3.13%     56.28% |       15130      3.13%     59.41% |       15064      3.12%     62.53% |       15104      3.12%     65.65% |       15154      3.13%     68.78% |       15090      3.12%     71.90% |       15055      3.11%     75.02% |       15135      3.13%     78.15% |       15186      3.14%     81.29% |       15121      3.13%     84.41% |       15056      3.11%     87.53% |       15070      3.12%     90.64% |       15103      3.12%     93.77% |       15079      3.12%     96.89% |       15062      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483582                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50752      3.88%      3.88% |       40606      3.10%      6.98% |       40632      3.10%     10.08% |       40599      3.10%     13.18% |       40565      3.10%     16.28% |       40523      3.09%     19.37% |       40573      3.10%     22.47% |       40585      3.10%     25.57% |       40649      3.10%     28.67% |       40599      3.10%     31.77% |       40648      3.10%     34.87% |       40607      3.10%     37.97% |       40664      3.10%     41.08% |       40635      3.10%     44.18% |       40631      3.10%     47.29% |       40566      3.10%     50.38% |       40626      3.10%     53.48% |       40631      3.10%     56.59% |       40654      3.10%     59.69% |       40584      3.10%     62.79% |       40611      3.10%     65.89% |       40681      3.11%     69.00% |       40607      3.10%     72.10% |       40562      3.10%     75.20% |       40654      3.10%     78.30% |       40702      3.11%     81.41% |       40629      3.10%     84.51% |       40557      3.10%     87.61% |       40576      3.10%     90.70% |       40594      3.10%     93.80% |       40580      3.10%     96.90% |       40566      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49728      3.89%      3.89% |       39582      3.10%      6.99% |       39608      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39541      3.10%     16.29% |       39499      3.09%     19.39% |       39549      3.10%     22.48% |       39561      3.10%     25.58% |       39625      3.10%     28.68% |       39575      3.10%     31.78% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39583      3.10%     37.99% |       39640      3.10%     41.09% |       39611      3.10%     44.19% |       39607      3.10%     47.30% |       39542      3.10%     50.39% |       39602      3.10%     53.49% |       39607      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39560      3.10%     62.80% |       39587      3.10%     65.90% |       39657      3.11%     69.00% |       39583      3.10%     72.10% |       39538      3.10%     75.20% |       39630      3.10%     78.30% |       39678      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.51% |       39533      3.10%     87.61% |       39552      3.10%     90.71% |       39570      3.10%     93.81% |       39556      3.10%     96.90% |       39542      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     20.29%     20.29% |           6      2.17%     22.46% |           9      3.26%     25.72% |           6      2.17%     27.90% |           7      2.54%     30.43% |           3      1.09%     31.52% |           4      1.45%     32.97% |           6      2.17%     35.14% |           7      2.54%     37.68% |           5      1.81%     39.49% |           8      2.90%     42.39% |           5      1.81%     44.20% |           7      2.54%     46.74% |           4      1.45%     48.19% |           5      1.81%     50.00% |           5      1.81%     51.81% |           5      1.81%     53.62% |           6      2.17%     55.80% |           9      3.26%     59.06% |           8      2.90%     61.96% |          24      8.70%     70.65% |          23      8.33%     78.99% |           5      1.81%     80.80% |           6      2.17%     82.97% |           6      2.17%     85.14% |           5      1.81%     86.96% |           6      2.17%     89.13% |           6      2.17%     91.30% |           7      2.54%     93.84% |           6      2.17%     96.01% |           6      2.17%     98.19% |           5      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         581      3.28%      3.28% |         516      2.92%      6.20% |         502      2.84%      9.03% |         510      2.88%     11.92% |         508      2.87%     14.79% |         491      2.77%     17.56% |         531      3.00%     20.56% |         549      3.10%     23.66% |         568      3.21%     26.87% |         504      2.85%     29.72% |         558      3.15%     32.87% |         557      3.15%     36.02% |         610      3.45%     39.47% |         582      3.29%     42.75% |         576      3.25%     46.01% |         549      3.10%     49.11% |         575      3.25%     52.36% |         592      3.34%     55.70% |         590      3.33%     59.04% |         538      3.04%     62.08% |         532      3.01%     65.08% |         613      3.46%     68.55% |         556      3.14%     71.69% |         530      2.99%     74.68% |         581      3.28%     77.96% |         636      3.59%     81.56% |         582      3.29%     84.85% |         533      3.01%     87.86% |         510      2.88%     90.74% |         567      3.20%     93.94% |         545      3.08%     97.02% |         527      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17699                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171828      9.58%      9.58% |       54291      3.03%     12.60% |       49293      2.75%     15.35% |       52999      2.95%     18.30% |       53513      2.98%     21.29% |       49517      2.76%     24.05% |       45955      2.56%     26.61% |       45968      2.56%     29.17% |       51559      2.87%     32.04% |       49822      2.78%     34.82% |       54072      3.01%     37.84% |       51033      2.84%     40.68% |       48299      2.69%     43.37% |       46917      2.62%     45.99% |       47891      2.67%     48.66% |       46614      2.60%     51.25% |       50580      2.82%     54.07% |       48373      2.70%     56.77% |       49910      2.78%     59.55% |       54018      3.01%     62.56% |       54531      3.04%     65.60% |       63388      3.53%     69.13% |       58006      3.23%     72.37% |       53249      2.97%     75.34% |       53492      2.98%     78.32% |       51442      2.87%     81.18% |       52510      2.93%     84.11% |       52311      2.92%     87.03% |       55515      3.09%     90.12% |       55168      3.07%     93.20% |       63475      3.54%     96.73% |       58601      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794140                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         519      3.31%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     93.99% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25510      5.06%      5.06% |       15488      3.07%      8.13% |       15520      3.08%     11.21% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15445      3.06%     17.34% |       15419      3.06%     20.40% |       15426      3.06%     23.46% |       15428      3.06%     26.51% |       15463      3.07%     29.58% |       15474      3.07%     32.65% |       15498      3.07%     35.72% |       15422      3.06%     38.78% |       15439      3.06%     41.84% |       15441      3.06%     44.90% |       15452      3.06%     47.97% |       15412      3.06%     51.03% |       15428      3.06%     54.08% |       15419      3.06%     57.14% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15426      3.06%     63.27% |       15449      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.07%     69.39% |       15460      3.07%     72.46% |       15438      3.06%     75.52% |       15449      3.06%     78.58% |       15444      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15408      3.06%     87.76% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15411      3.06%     93.88% |       15411      3.06%     96.94% |       15444      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24739      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.75% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.37% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24700      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.87%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.58% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.02%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         522      3.33%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88611     38.94%     38.94% |        5262      2.31%     41.26% |        3168      1.39%     42.65% |        5909      2.60%     45.24% |        5484      2.41%     47.65% |        4301      1.89%     49.54% |        2791      1.23%     50.77% |        2762      1.21%     51.98% |        5290      2.32%     54.31% |        3565      1.57%     55.88% |        6872      3.02%     58.90% |        5073      2.23%     61.13% |        3567      1.57%     62.69% |        3043      1.34%     64.03% |        2703      1.19%     65.22% |        2770      1.22%     66.44% |        4847      2.13%     68.57% |        3258      1.43%     70.00% |        3360      1.48%     71.47% |        4467      1.96%     73.44% |        4413      1.94%     75.38% |       10684      4.70%     80.07% |        7632      3.35%     83.43% |        4112      1.81%     85.23% |        4048      1.78%     87.01% |        3481      1.53%     88.54% |        3029      1.33%     89.87% |        2758      1.21%     91.09% |        4629      2.03%     93.12% |        3979      1.75%     94.87% |        5744      2.52%     97.39% |        5931      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227543                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32964     12.09%     12.09% |        8872      3.25%     15.35% |        5926      2.17%     17.52% |        6937      2.54%     20.07% |        7914      2.90%     22.97% |        5123      1.88%     24.85% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6124      2.25%     29.36% |        6102      2.24%     31.60% |        7039      2.58%     34.18% |        5850      2.15%     36.33% |        4613      1.69%     38.02% |        3762      1.38%     39.40% |        5065      1.86%     41.26% |        3770      1.38%     42.64% |        5622      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.90% |        9445      3.46%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.03% |       12546      4.60%     60.63% |       10244      3.76%     64.39% |        9025      3.31%     67.70% |        9308      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.87%     73.99% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34140      4.31%      4.31% |       24445      3.08%      7.39% |       24461      3.09%     10.48% |       24454      3.09%     13.57% |       24445      3.08%     16.65% |       24439      3.08%     19.73% |       24447      3.08%     22.82% |       24453      3.09%     25.91% |       24471      3.09%     28.99% |       24473      3.09%     32.08% |       24470      3.09%     35.17% |       24480      3.09%     38.26% |       24459      3.09%     41.34% |       24468      3.09%     44.43% |       24463      3.09%     47.52% |       24458      3.09%     50.61% |       24486      3.09%     53.70% |       24470      3.09%     56.78% |       24474      3.09%     59.87% |       24473      3.09%     62.96% |       24458      3.09%     66.05% |       24475      3.09%     69.14% |       24467      3.09%     72.22% |       24460      3.09%     75.31% |       24473      3.09%     78.40% |       24466      3.09%     81.49% |       24461      3.09%     84.57% |       24454      3.09%     87.66% |       24457      3.09%     90.74% |       24442      3.08%     93.83% |       24452      3.09%     96.91% |       24455      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14917      3.20%      3.20% |       14591      3.13%      6.34% |       14615      3.14%      9.47% |       14584      3.13%     12.60% |       14561      3.13%     15.73% |       14545      3.12%     18.85% |       14546      3.12%     21.98% |       14532      3.12%     25.10% |       14558      3.13%     28.22% |       14572      3.13%     31.35% |       14568      3.13%     34.48% |       14521      3.12%     37.60% |       14544      3.12%     40.72% |       14537      3.12%     43.84% |       14543      3.12%     46.96% |       14510      3.12%     50.08% |       14516      3.12%     53.19% |       14518      3.12%     56.31% |       14536      3.12%     59.43% |       14519      3.12%     62.55% |       14551      3.12%     65.67% |       14523      3.12%     68.79% |       14533      3.12%     71.91% |       14521      3.12%     75.03% |       14549      3.12%     78.15% |       14548      3.12%     81.28% |       14534      3.12%     84.40% |       14519      3.12%     87.51% |       14557      3.13%     90.64% |       14533      3.12%     93.76% |       14530      3.12%     96.88% |       14532      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465763                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171559      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49323      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51359      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53866      3.01%     37.85% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50385      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.55% |       53822      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63142      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53298      2.98%     78.31% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52122      2.92%     87.02% |       55324      3.09%     90.12% |       54976      3.08%     93.19% |       63282      3.54%     96.73% |       58395      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787722                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          73      3.42%      3.42% |          64      3.00%      6.43% |          66      3.10%      9.52% |          62      2.91%     12.43% |          61      2.86%     15.29% |          55      2.58%     17.87% |          57      2.67%     20.54% |          63      2.95%     23.50% |          69      3.24%     26.74% |          64      3.00%     29.74% |          73      3.42%     33.16% |          60      2.81%     35.98% |          64      3.00%     38.98% |          62      2.91%     41.89% |          69      3.24%     45.12% |          62      2.91%     48.03% |          65      3.05%     51.08% |          64      3.00%     54.08% |          65      3.05%     57.13% |          65      3.05%     60.18% |          80      3.75%     63.93% |         107      5.02%     68.95% |          78      3.66%     72.61% |          82      3.85%     76.45% |          64      3.00%     79.46% |          59      2.77%     82.22% |          63      2.95%     85.18% |          59      2.77%     87.95% |          59      2.77%     90.71% |          60      2.81%     93.53% |          63      2.95%     96.48% |          75      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     29.03%     29.03% |           6     19.35%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           0      0.00%     48.39% |           7     22.58%     70.97% |           1      3.23%     74.19% |           8     25.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.67%      1.67% |           0      0.00%      1.67% |           1      1.67%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |          16     26.67%     30.00% |           1      1.67%     31.67% |           1      1.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      1.67%     35.00% |           1      1.67%     36.67% |           0      0.00%     36.67% |           0      0.00%     36.67% |           0      0.00%     36.67% |          20     33.33%     70.00% |           9     15.00%     85.00% |           6     10.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      1.67%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           1      1.67%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           1      1.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49728      3.89%      3.89% |       39582      3.10%      6.99% |       39608      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39541      3.10%     16.29% |       39499      3.09%     19.39% |       39549      3.10%     22.48% |       39561      3.10%     25.58% |       39625      3.10%     28.68% |       39575      3.10%     31.78% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39583      3.10%     37.99% |       39640      3.10%     41.09% |       39611      3.10%     44.19% |       39607      3.10%     47.30% |       39542      3.10%     50.39% |       39602      3.10%     53.49% |       39607      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39560      3.10%     62.80% |       39587      3.10%     65.90% |       39657      3.11%     69.00% |       39583      3.10%     72.10% |       39538      3.10%     75.20% |       39630      3.10%     78.30% |       39678      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.51% |       39533      3.10%     87.61% |       39552      3.10%     90.71% |       39570      3.10%     93.81% |       39556      3.10%     96.90% |       39542      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     25.00%     25.00% |          12     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.71%      1.71% |           5      2.86%      4.57% |           5      2.86%      7.43% |           5      2.86%     10.29% |           6      3.43%     13.71% |           3      1.71%     15.43% |           3      1.71%     17.14% |           5      2.86%     20.00% |           6      3.43%     23.43% |           4      2.29%     25.71% |           5      2.86%     28.57% |           4      2.29%     30.86% |           5      2.86%     33.71% |           3      1.71%     35.43% |           4      2.29%     37.71% |           4      2.29%     40.00% |           4      2.29%     42.29% |           5      2.86%     45.14% |           6      3.43%     48.57% |           7      4.00%     52.57% |          22     12.57%     65.14% |          21     12.00%     77.14% |           3      1.71%     78.86% |           5      2.86%     81.71% |           5      2.86%     84.57% |           4      2.29%     86.86% |           5      2.86%     89.71% |           4      2.29%     92.00% |           3      1.71%     93.71% |           3      1.71%     95.43% |           4      2.29%     97.71% |           4      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          70      3.58%      3.58% |          59      3.01%      6.59% |          61      3.12%      9.71% |          57      2.91%     12.62% |          55      2.81%     15.43% |          52      2.66%     18.09% |          54      2.76%     20.85% |          58      2.96%     23.81% |          63      3.22%     27.03% |          60      3.07%     30.10% |          68      3.47%     33.57% |          56      2.86%     36.43% |          59      3.01%     39.45% |          59      3.01%     42.46% |          65      3.32%     45.78% |          58      2.96%     48.75% |          61      3.12%     51.87% |          59      3.01%     54.88% |          59      3.01%     57.89% |          58      2.96%     60.86% |          58      2.96%     63.82% |          86      4.39%     68.22% |          75      3.83%     72.05% |          77      3.93%     75.98% |          59      3.01%     79.00% |          55      2.81%     81.81% |          58      2.96%     84.77% |          55      2.81%     87.58% |          56      2.86%     90.44% |          57      2.91%     93.36% |          59      3.01%     96.37% |          71      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1957                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.87%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.58% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.02%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         522      3.33%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25510      5.06%      5.06% |       15488      3.07%      8.13% |       15520      3.08%     11.21% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15445      3.06%     17.34% |       15419      3.06%     20.40% |       15426      3.06%     23.46% |       15428      3.06%     26.51% |       15463      3.07%     29.58% |       15474      3.07%     32.65% |       15498      3.07%     35.72% |       15422      3.06%     38.78% |       15439      3.06%     41.84% |       15441      3.06%     44.90% |       15452      3.06%     47.97% |       15412      3.06%     51.03% |       15428      3.06%     54.08% |       15419      3.06%     57.14% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15426      3.06%     63.27% |       15449      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.07%     69.39% |       15460      3.07%     72.46% |       15438      3.06%     75.52% |       15449      3.06%     78.58% |       15444      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15408      3.06%     87.76% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15411      3.06%     93.88% |       15411      3.06%     96.94% |       15444      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         519      3.31%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     93.99% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15686                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24739      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.75% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.37% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24700      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171826      9.58%      9.58% |       54287      3.03%     12.60% |       49288      2.75%     15.35% |       52996      2.95%     18.30% |       53513      2.98%     21.29% |       49517      2.76%     24.05% |       45955      2.56%     26.61% |       45968      2.56%     29.17% |       51558      2.87%     32.04% |       49821      2.78%     34.82% |       54072      3.01%     37.84% |       51032      2.84%     40.68% |       48293      2.69%     43.37% |       46917      2.62%     45.99% |       47889      2.67%     48.66% |       46614      2.60%     51.25% |       50580      2.82%     54.07% |       48373      2.70%     56.77% |       49903      2.78%     59.55% |       54013      3.01%     62.56% |       54530      3.04%     65.60% |       63388      3.53%     69.13% |       58006      3.23%     72.37% |       53249      2.97%     75.34% |       53491      2.98%     78.32% |       51441      2.87%     81.18% |       52509      2.93%     84.11% |       52310      2.92%     87.03% |       55510      3.09%     90.12% |       55168      3.07%     93.20% |       63474      3.54%     96.73% |       58601      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794092                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           19                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      293263     22.89%     22.89% |      640623     50.00%     72.89% |       42934      3.35%     76.24% |       44274      3.46%     79.70% |       43258      3.38%     83.07% |       43625      3.40%     86.48% |       43713      3.41%     89.89% |       44459      3.47%     93.36% |       42381      3.31%     96.67% |       42716      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1281246                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      293263     22.89%     22.89% |      640623     50.00%     72.89% |       42934      3.35%     76.24% |       44274      3.46%     79.70% |       43258      3.38%     83.07% |       43625      3.40%     86.48% |       43713      3.41%     89.89% |       44459      3.47%     93.36% |       42381      3.31%     96.67% |       42716      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1281246                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      293263     22.89%     22.89% |      640623     50.00%     72.89% |       42934      3.35%     76.24% |       44274      3.46%     79.70% |       43258      3.38%     83.07% |       43625      3.40%     86.48% |       43713      3.41%     89.89% |       44459      3.47%     93.36% |       42381      3.31%     96.67% |       42716      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1281246                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      293263     22.89%     22.89% |      640623     50.00%     72.89% |       42934      3.35%     76.24% |       44274      3.46%     79.70% |       43258      3.38%     83.07% |       43625      3.40%     86.48% |       43713      3.41%     89.89% |       44459      3.47%     93.36% |       42381      3.31%     96.67% |       42716      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1281246                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
