
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059771                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59771065500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235939144000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  82519                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   146798                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              124048376                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4826844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   481.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39760641                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70732627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234800967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234800967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67049432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67049432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301850400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301850400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219286                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219286                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      458                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      218                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59770573500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219286                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        86366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.875530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   134.577121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.107767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42443     49.14%     49.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17778     20.58%     69.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14937     17.30%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2561      2.97%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1798      2.08%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1260      1.46%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1119      1.30%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          894      1.04%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3576      4.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        86366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.705988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.036698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11904     96.98%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          190      1.55%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           83      0.68%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           55      0.45%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           21      0.17%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.101181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.072741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.755100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12179     99.22%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            43      0.35%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.14%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           36      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2964210860                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7075392110                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13518.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32268.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157212                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38296                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    212023.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10797137500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46975380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              330039360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              322864920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              180081000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              176166375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862485000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847665000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205694640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200063520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25629984450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24950511675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13378066500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13974095250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44490057510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44375073300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.385265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.461407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231737545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231737545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64256910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64256910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    295994456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           295994456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      167                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      166                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59770315000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 157990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  11159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        81872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.059410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   138.406492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.222153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38985     47.62%     47.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17060     20.84%     68.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14515     17.73%     86.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2498      3.05%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1843      2.25%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1325      1.62%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1094      1.34%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          911      1.11%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3641      4.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        81872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.225272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    77.381210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11413     96.98%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          164      1.39%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           89      0.76%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           55      0.47%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           22      0.19%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.099252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.072508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.720476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11663     99.11%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            56      0.48%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           22      0.19%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           27      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2773225124                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6830725124                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12815.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31565.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  155934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216217.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11227630500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46544607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              313951680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              305000640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              171303000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              166419000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851557200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836253600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197555760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25327423035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24378755220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13643471250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14475636000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44408968485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44257067100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.028525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.486987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231748253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231748253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64277255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64277255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296025508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296025508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216435                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216435                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13851072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      206                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      216                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59770361500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216435                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  11028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        81882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.066632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   138.304754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.210787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39180     47.85%     47.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16671     20.36%     68.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14601     17.83%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2610      3.19%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1871      2.28%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1310      1.60%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1077      1.32%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          921      1.12%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3641      4.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        81882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.217173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.359161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11415     96.95%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          175      1.49%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           83      0.70%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           51      0.43%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           26      0.22%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.098182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.070376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.743984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11673     99.14%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            51      0.43%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           32      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2759892070                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6817823320                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12752.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31502.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  155956                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38604                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216195.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11128335250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46644051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              313830720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              305189640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              171237000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              166522125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851674200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836323800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197588160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25304542380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24533111790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13663542000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14340235500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44406121020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44276469735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.980882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.811622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231491272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231491272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64219434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64219434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295710706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295710706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13835840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13836544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      186                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      187                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59770320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        81568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.671636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   138.684539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.834904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38840     47.62%     47.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16695     20.47%     68.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14689     18.01%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2499      3.06%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1892      2.32%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1261      1.55%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1124      1.38%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          872      1.07%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3696      4.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        81568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.223782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.582220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11402     96.98%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          160      1.36%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           88      0.75%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           54      0.46%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           29      0.25%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.100961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.073305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.734437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11653     99.12%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            55      0.47%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           21      0.18%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           28      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2809819368                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6863288118                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    12997.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31747.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  155914                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38672                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216424.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11026651750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1995760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46746434250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              311600520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              305053560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              170020125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              166447875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850246800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3903706560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25215074325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24325061220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13742022750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14522736000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44389909320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44250311535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.709636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.373956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472745                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.469982                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.086882                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.290811                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7470354     99.97%     99.97% |        2207      0.03%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472745                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20894088                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.637110                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450398                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.949120                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20029537     95.86%     95.86% |      853704      4.09%     99.95% |        6044      0.03%     99.98% |        1804      0.01%     99.99% |         854      0.00%     99.99% |         443      0.00%     99.99% |         371      0.00%     99.99% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |         994      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20894088                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20894085                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.435381                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.777628                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             49.259868                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20877948     99.92%     99.92% |       14913      0.07%     99.99% |         632      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20894085                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19668884                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000240                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000207                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19664175     99.98%     99.98% |        4704      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19668884                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225201                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        180.956937                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.640510                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       107.561913                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1209064     98.68%     98.68% |       14913      1.22%     99.90% |         632      0.05%     99.95% |         375      0.03%     99.98% |         170      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225201                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         817547                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       817547                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14119355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14560563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4751012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4875303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111455                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22649                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        53001                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1885684                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45281                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3227                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99717                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles          100                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles          117                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80407                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           89                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80396                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles          116                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           85                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           97                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           96                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52959                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10284                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8390                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38524                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36816                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27095                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36432                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39432                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12968                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35018                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          804                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9349946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9349946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9425292                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9349946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4626968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4625050                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9349946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078215                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5737746                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5737746                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5782626                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5737746                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3775573                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3765334                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5737746                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047998                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4241644                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4241644                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4273664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4241644                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2059797                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2057932                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4241644                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035482                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3753383                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3753383                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3779562                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3753383                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1938940                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1937839                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3753383                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031398                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4042776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4042776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4063043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4042776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2441532                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2438836                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4042776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033819                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3753117                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3753117                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770930                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3753117                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2170944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2170237                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3753117                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031396                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4823152                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4823152                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4857386                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4823152                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2083473                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082868                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4823152                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040347                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3746210                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1811595                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1810643                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031127                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2536538                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2536538                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2547900                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2536538                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1325292                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324914                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2536538                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021219                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2961282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2961282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2973115                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2961282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1650847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1650210                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2961282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024772                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2064359                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2064359                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2064359                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910348                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910223                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2064359                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017269                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1732971                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1732971                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735550                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1732971                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785231                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1732971                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014497                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991619                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991619                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995116                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991619                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011014                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010895                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991619                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768700                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768700                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771460                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768700                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801031                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800952                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768699                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014796                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062590                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062590                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064613                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062590                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454780                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454738                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062590                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008889                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495851                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495851                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1499823                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495851                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676364                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676271                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495851                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012513                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035624                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035624                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041277                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035624                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821930                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821832                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035624                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017029                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618092                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618092                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621795                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618092                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       688901                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688836                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618092                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013536                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507513                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507513                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513091                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507513                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707508                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707349                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507513                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012611                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       890944                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       890944                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893280                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       890944                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398291                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398220                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       890944                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007453                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889308                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451682                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007436                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985073                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985073                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985733                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985073                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541337                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985073                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008240                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948957                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474097                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007932                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004939                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849205                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407332                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407323                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972582                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530202                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008130                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935557                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462251                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934779                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007820                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275509                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275509                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004997                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899677                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880862                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879941                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032255                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3673908                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3673908                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705012                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3673908                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735166                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3673908                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030733                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761537                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761537                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793429                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761537                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696745                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695845                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761537                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031466                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820485                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820485                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852353                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820485                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770171                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769333                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820485                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031959                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6360118     29.38%     29.38% |    14161989     65.43%     94.81% |     1123592      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21645699                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6360120     29.38%     29.38% |    14161990     65.43%     94.81% |     1123592      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21645702                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   155106137                       |   334628640                       |    25524476                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    16842810                       |    45455721                       |     1124325                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.387305                       |   23.628647                       |   22.716855                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.648191                       |    3.209699                       |    1.000652                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.804233                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.930044                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.734277                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002841                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062154      7.10%      7.10% |    0.062303      7.12%     14.22% |    0.062112      7.10%     21.32% |    0.062223      7.11%     28.43% |    0.144640     16.53%     44.96% |    0.144390     16.50%     61.46% |    0.144620     16.53%     77.98% |    0.144411     16.50%     94.49% |    0.012060      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012064      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012063      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012062      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.875102                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021688                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022631                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002799                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002145                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002138                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004930                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002469                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002485                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002434                       |    0.002399                       |    0.002525                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002560                       |    0.002496                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002448                       |    0.002432                       |    0.002419                       |    0.002569                       |    0.002467                       |    0.002486                       |    0.002448                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002421                       |    0.002515                       |    0.002454                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002467                       |    0.002503                       |    0.002492                       |    0.002605                       |    0.002644                       |    0.010993                       |    0.010847                       |    0.010847                       |    0.010835                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000659                       |    0.007502                       |    0.000905                       |    0.000862                       |    0.000849                       |    0.000865                       |    0.000849                       |    0.000868                       |    0.000816                       |    0.000829                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002566                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002664                       |    0.001999                       |    0.004024                       |    0.002594                       |    0.000816                       |    0.003669                       |    0.007100                       |    0.003015                       |           0                       |    0.002593                       |    0.005549                       |           0                       |    0.008231                       |    0.012145                       |    0.003736                       |    0.004849                       |    0.002558                       |    0.000905                       |    0.007814                       |    0.008480                       |    0.010877                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002544                       |    0.000862                       |    0.010288                       |    0.006719                       |    0.006952                       |           0                       |    0.002536                       |    0.005414                       |           0                       |    0.011234                       |    0.007147                       |    0.004403                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.005011                       |    0.003578                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.002584                       |           0                       |    0.002515                       |    0.002001                       |           0                       |    0.002543                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002135                       |    0.004033                       |    0.002547                       |    0.000829                       |    0.004850                       |    0.003419                       |    0.006916                       |    0.002179                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002569                       |    0.000849                       |    0.003844                       |    0.009551                       |    0.010046                       |    0.002928                       |    0.027449                       |    0.004237                       |    0.000659                       |    0.006876                       |    0.014763                       |    0.017822                       |    0.006409                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002566                       |    0.007502                       |    0.006209                       |    0.012371                       |    0.013016                       |    0.006329                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002527                       |    0.000865                       |    0.005665                       |    0.007872                       |    0.006784                       |    0.003652                       |           0                       |    0.002556                       |           0                       |    0.002339                       |    0.004914                       |    0.003407                       |    0.003444                       |           0                       |    0.002534                       |           0                       |    0.001007                       |    0.002454                       |    0.002135                       |           0                       |    0.002574                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |    0.002616                       |           0                       |    0.004267                       |    0.003319                       |    0.004541                       |    0.002526                       |           0                       |    0.002656                       |    0.005415                       |           0                       |    0.002933                       |    0.008045                       |    0.009912                       |    0.002505                       |    0.004032                       |    0.002524                       |    0.000849                       |    0.016700                       |    0.007530                       |    0.006093                       |    0.002620                       |    0.004044                       |    0.002505                       |    0.000868                       |    0.005331                       |    0.010284                       |    0.005568                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002649                       |    0.005409                       |           0                       |    0.003604                       |    0.011282                       |    0.006444                       |    0.002571                       |           0                       |    0.002515                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.004908                       |    0.003225                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |    0.002563                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002421                       |           0                       |    0.002526                       |           0                       |    0.002007                       |           0                       |    0.004356                       |           0                       |    0.002505                       |           0                       |    0.003016                       |    0.001509                       |    0.005483                       |           0                       |    0.002620                       |           0                       |    0.008322                       |    0.003233                       |    0.002853                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002012                       |    0.006357                       |    0.002639                       |           0                       |    0.002571                       |           0                       |    0.004352                       |    0.005688                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004916                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002467                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.875102                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8046014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8046014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6145360                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5515673                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.753456                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          742785                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12354268                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52690                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9933180                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44993                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12406958                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9978173                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22287448                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97683                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22385131                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4882421                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9738                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4892159                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4882421                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9738                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4892159                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112713758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17669178                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48149682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8046014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6258458                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90048399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       234030                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       321079                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4881746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        138000                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3938                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108958834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92381033     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1692613      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1172718      1.08%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2675905      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1597148      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731990      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1374276      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           865115      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6468036      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108958834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427185                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10425458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86731341                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5584282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82407588                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12522942                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49744224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6486008                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9019166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30808106                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80994115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8056355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90499329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184844042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118101653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78012746                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176844                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34335382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7596164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10157113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2632691                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2363094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78921011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       658509                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82062713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083418                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62825                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108958834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76841241     70.52%     70.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12274467     11.27%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6447846      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4674401      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3483652      3.20%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3218973      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483449      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339256      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195549      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108958834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181154     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631788     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84557      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273038      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59193759     72.13%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12490687     15.22%     87.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10024772     12.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82062713                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.728063                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274154058                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87404459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75921304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82687126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2384197                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2669                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7555                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5593495                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7137944                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34297485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79579520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7596164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10157113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       649293                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         630576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447805                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7555                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179412                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213939                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393351                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81485073                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12340890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22288870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6480884                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9947980                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               76001700                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75921340                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45933081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76094343                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673577                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603633                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834470                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       595684                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107566942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84631601     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7989693      7.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4374251      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2459648      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2644263      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2085568      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480898      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482955      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2418065      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107566942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39760640                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70732624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16078761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6441006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6099171                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70358367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       663986                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54417080     76.93%     77.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6441006      9.11%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9637755     13.63%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70732624                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2418065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184641887                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160532439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3754924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39760640                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70732624                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.834807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.834807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120270270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59163381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29756014                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24626051                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35430050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10672737500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10672737500.000015                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408205                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        26.022894                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.223172                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       13.091961                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3405814     99.93%     99.93% |        2207      0.06%     99.99% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408205                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039132                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.022996                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.986999                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.503688                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      643527     15.93%     15.93% |     2230057     55.21%     71.14% |     1126017     27.88%     99.02% |       39463      0.98%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039132                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25408                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.360595                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.884150                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.860736                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         792      3.12%      3.12% |        3486     13.72%     16.84% |       11467     45.13%     61.97% |        5117     20.14%     82.11% |        4130     16.25%     98.36% |         364      1.43%     99.80% |          48      0.19%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25408                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6156091                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.021904                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.108608                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          78.057974                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6143191     99.79%     99.79% |       11684      0.19%     99.98% |         624      0.01%     99.99% |         375      0.01%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6156091                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5352131                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000456                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023050                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5349305     99.95%     99.95% |        2823      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5352131                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803960                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     202.251679                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.557195                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    110.179481                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      791060     98.40%     98.40% |       11684      1.45%     99.85% |         624      0.08%     99.93% |         375      0.05%     99.97% |         170      0.02%     99.99% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803960                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9705113                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.817588                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.362743                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.611393                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9515886     98.05%     98.05% |      166839      1.72%     99.77% |       19052      0.20%     99.97% |         354      0.00%     99.97% |        1271      0.01%     99.98% |        1503      0.02%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9705113                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9417460                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000187                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000161                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013689                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9415701     99.98%     99.98% |        1757      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9417460                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.534283                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.890118                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.890771                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98426     34.22%     34.22% |      166839     58.00%     92.22% |       19052      6.62%     98.84% |         354      0.12%     98.96% |        1271      0.44%     99.41% |        1503      0.52%     99.93% |         199      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4875301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.089714                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256744                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.723566                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4861646     99.72%     99.72% |       11215      0.23%     99.95% |        2178      0.04%     99.99% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4875301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4751012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4751011    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4751012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.970102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.161469                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.124560                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11215      9.02%     98.04% |        2178      1.75%     99.79% |          47      0.04%     99.83% |          91      0.07%     99.90% |         107      0.09%     99.99% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.753401                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.167993                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154293     98.73%     98.73% |        1525      0.98%     99.71% |         396      0.25%     99.96% |          20      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146882     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.988240                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.740825                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.599289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1525     16.45%     95.08% |         396      4.27%     99.35% |          20      0.22%     99.57% |          19      0.20%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        15987                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       625254                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62784                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108961                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7355                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   109030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54474                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54508                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  108818                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6636                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    7360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   170                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   890                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   864                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   876                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      74                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109775                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55366                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55382                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109635                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                7524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109647                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 8891587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                11636045                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               150303567                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6230258                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                18977175                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                12205548                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               137120937                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 7008331                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                18779118                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               11987680                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              147549201                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                5787750                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               18947489                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               12326097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              140635965                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles                5704872                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               18457957                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               12170925                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              150092879                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles                6268160                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               18933831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               12043630                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              155312184                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles                6190457                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               18996634                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               14168630                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              175555010                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               38651798                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               50938214                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30819064                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               44038316                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              188966092                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               37887254                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               50417621                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3341                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6264                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53307                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107259                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53365                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6244                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53369                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3548                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107451                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53438                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              107893                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6244                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53417                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107740                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6248                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                967                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                840                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                997                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                787                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               979                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               901                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               961                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               862                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               935                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               866                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               779                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               887                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               804                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4018                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4532                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               4023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1139                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               304                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                76                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                77                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               78                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               73                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               76                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               76                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               73                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 741492                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8732655                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1188598                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8927341                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 698970                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8717014                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1131183                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9037054                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 690815                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8737703                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1178632                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8837732                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                696039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8790810                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1140308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8850606                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                677769                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8583212                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1184703                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8808102                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                690769                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8623535                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1206459                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8758483                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                674613                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9167421                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1169582                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9320415                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                739146                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8921265                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1238273                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9081231                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                718806                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                602312                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8648596                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1131227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8840230                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                674119                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8634467                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1083287                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8951429                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                667209                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8653680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1120679                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8750719                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               671027                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8708153                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1090339                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8764999                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               654435                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8499138                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1127790                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8721229                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               666116                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8540909                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1151431                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8672941                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               651177                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9080278                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1110287                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9230304                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               710091                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8835751                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1175574                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8992663                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               692147                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268053                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             571414                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             464366                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             578127                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              93109                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             573022                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             399669                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             577459                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              99036                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            574751                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            458762                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            577387                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             95522                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            573648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            414620                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            577252                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             95652                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            571469                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            469946                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            578790                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             95427                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            571114                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            463077                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            576702                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             99626                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            575287                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            466290                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577437                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles            102306                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            573067                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            500718                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            578041                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            102021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               932201                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               113191                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               115996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121558                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101287                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               104729                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               109133                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              114030                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              116409                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              121461                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              102781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              110414                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113313                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              116828                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120190                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              103059                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              105250                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108524                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              142423                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143588                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              125025                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128466                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              131527                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           602312                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8648596                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1131227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8840230                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           674119                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8634467                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1083287                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8951429                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           667209                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8653680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1120679                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8750719                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          671027                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8708153                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1090339                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8764999                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          654435                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8499138                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1127790                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8721229                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          666116                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8540909                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1151431                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8672941                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          651177                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9080278                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1110287                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9230304                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          710091                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8835751                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1175574                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8992663                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          692147                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263042                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        571414                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        463820                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        578127                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         93081                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        573022                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        399007                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        577459                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         98606                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       574751                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       457865                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       577387                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        94510                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       573648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       413585                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       577252                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        94615                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       571469                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       466043                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       578790                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        92868                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       571114                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       459060                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       576702                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        96971                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       575287                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       463668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577437                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        99529                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       573067                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       498409                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       578041                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        99187                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          610580                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          113191                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          115996                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          120665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101287                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          104729                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          108256                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         114030                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         116409                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         120073                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         102781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105400                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         109137                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113313                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         116828                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119298                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         103059                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         105250                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107716                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136863                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         142423                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142515                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         125025                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128466                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         130545                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             741235                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8662911                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1131227                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8855519                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             689180                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8647270                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1083287                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8965232                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             680805                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8667959                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1120679                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8765920                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            686068                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8721066                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1090339                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8778794                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            668145                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8513468                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1127790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8736285                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            681079                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8553791                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1151431                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8686661                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            664946                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9097677                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1110287                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9248598                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            728256                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8851521                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1175574                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9009409                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            708794                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1461                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1047                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1326                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               651                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1572                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1020                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1534                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles             1020                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2198                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1303                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2081                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1234                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1784                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1401                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2032                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1243                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98673508                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103263870                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104118498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108771432                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98673504                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103263866                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104118494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108771428                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98673510                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103263872                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104118500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108771434                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98673506                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103263868                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104118496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108771430                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98673515                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103263877                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104118505                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108771439                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98673511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103263873                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104118501                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108771435                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98673527                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103263889                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104118517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108771451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98673523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103263885                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104118513                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108771447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11191775                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15263859                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11252234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14885655                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10747277                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15246330                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11257795                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14878248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10744238                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15219393                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11250225                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14850593                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10745184                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15219458                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11256951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14839334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10735625                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15178126                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11252314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14802405                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10743388                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15174259                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11240865                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14802065                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10732279                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15462346                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11263567                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15084585                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10762717                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15360570                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11259123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14991777                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10753708                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               882                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               163                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               814                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               115                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              890                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              817                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              793                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0              135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              815                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              768                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             4019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38914                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47772                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2542                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39400                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            38879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2606                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44768                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2420                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45349                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219259     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216435     24.93%     75.10% |      216196     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56723     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219286     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216435     24.93%     75.10% |      216195     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62619     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242636                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154344     25.03%     25.03% |      154124     25.00%     50.03% |      154119     25.00%     75.03% |      153935     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616522                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219259     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216435     24.93%     75.10% |      216196     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56468     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154344     25.03%     25.03% |      154124     25.00%     50.03% |      154119     25.00%     75.03% |      153935     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616522                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219259     25.25%     25.25% |      216425     24.92%     50.18% |      216435     24.93%     75.10% |      216195     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868314                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56468     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4767886     77.44%     77.44% |          76      0.00%     77.44% |      181859      2.95%     80.39% |      172643      2.80%     83.20% |      172131      2.80%     85.99% |      172515      2.80%     88.79% |      172515      2.80%     91.60% |      172475      2.80%     94.40% |      172427      2.80%     97.20% |      172515      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6157042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4875367    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4875367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9795117     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        7489      0.08%     99.54% |        7489      0.08%     99.62% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.77% |        8001      0.08%     99.85% |        6977      0.07%     99.92% |        7489      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9864183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15725     73.19%     73.19% |          71      0.33%     73.52% |        2318     10.79%     84.31% |         476      2.22%     86.53% |         489      2.28%     88.81% |         480      2.23%     91.04% |         483      2.25%     93.29% |         504      2.35%     95.63% |         448      2.09%     97.72% |         490      2.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561699     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96181      7.90%     54.06% |       79876      6.56%     60.62% |       79862      6.56%     67.18% |       79869      6.56%     73.74% |       79859      6.56%     80.31% |       80091      6.58%     86.89% |       79708      6.55%     93.44% |       79880      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         135     13.72%     14.43% |         134     13.62%     28.05% |         134     13.62%     41.67% |         134     13.62%     55.28% |         139     14.13%     69.41% |         166     16.87%     86.28% |         135     13.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.48%      0.48% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          78      2.65%      3.23% |         402     13.67%     16.90% |         410     13.95%     30.85% |         408     13.88%     44.73% |         409     13.91%     58.64% |         425     14.46%     73.10% |         373     12.69%     85.78% |         418     14.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     88.89%     88.89% |           4      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           2      2.78%     97.22% |           1      1.39%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154466     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79725      9.99%     40.08% |       79720      9.99%     50.06% |       79732      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79911     10.01%     80.05% |       79537      9.96%     90.01% |       79730      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2268     77.14%     77.62% |         100      3.40%     81.02% |          92      3.13%     84.15% |          96      3.27%     87.41% |          88      2.99%     90.41% |         104      3.54%     93.95% |          91      3.10%     97.04% |          87      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411008     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8688      2.05%     99.04% |         569      0.13%     99.18% |         571      0.13%     99.31% |         562      0.13%     99.45% |         566      0.13%     99.58% |         595      0.14%     99.72% |         601      0.14%     99.86% |         585      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.10%     37.10% |          17      9.14%     46.24% |          16      8.60%     54.84% |          17      9.14%     63.98% |          16      8.60%     72.58% |          19     10.22%     82.80% |          16      8.60%     91.40% |          16      8.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.38%      9.38% |           0      0.00%      9.38% |          79     35.27%     44.64% |          21      9.38%     54.02% |          16      7.14%     61.16% |          17      7.59%     68.75% |          16      7.14%     75.89% |          21      9.38%     85.27% |          17      7.59%     92.86% |          16      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438213     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       79001      7.28%     56.30% |       78994      7.28%     63.59% |       79002      7.28%     70.87% |       78995      7.28%     78.15% |       79201      7.30%     85.45% |       78812      7.26%     92.72% |       79008      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153611     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88205     10.99%     30.14% |       80086      9.98%     40.12% |       80065      9.98%     50.10% |       80079      9.98%     60.08% |       80068      9.98%     70.06% |       80261     10.00%     80.06% |       79915      9.96%     90.02% |       80071      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8488      2.86%     99.26% |         302      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.47% |         302      0.10%     99.57% |         303      0.10%     99.67% |         342      0.12%     99.79% |         305      0.10%     99.89% |         321      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11274     67.31%     67.31% |           0      0.00%     67.31% |        2295     13.70%     81.01% |         451      2.69%     83.71% |         461      2.75%     86.46% |         453      2.70%     89.16% |         457      2.73%     91.89% |         476      2.84%     94.73% |         420      2.51%     97.24% |         462      2.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1452     92.96%     92.96% |          38      2.43%     95.39% |           9      0.58%     95.97% |           9      0.58%     96.54% |           9      0.58%     97.12% |           9      0.58%     97.70% |           9      0.58%     98.27% |           9      0.58%     98.85% |           9      0.58%     99.42% |           9      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1357    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          62     93.94%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           2      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         820     42.78%     42.78% |           0      0.00%     42.78% |          18      0.94%     43.71% |         147      7.67%     51.38% |         150      7.82%     59.21% |         149      7.77%     66.98% |         148      7.72%     74.70% |         155      8.09%     82.79% |         181      9.44%     92.23% |         149      7.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87837     12.35%     14.07% |       87563     12.31%     26.39% |       87091     12.25%     38.63% |       87073     12.24%     50.88% |       87472     12.30%     63.18% |       87172     12.26%     75.44% |       87567     12.31%     87.75% |       87092     12.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4751012    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4751012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.82%     13.82% |           0      0.00%     13.82% |          15      9.87%     23.68% |          17     11.18%     34.87% |          16     10.53%     45.39% |          17     11.18%     56.58% |          16     10.53%     67.11% |          19     12.50%     79.61% |          16     10.53%     90.13% |          15      9.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2214     90.70%     90.70% |          14      0.57%     91.27% |          23      0.94%     92.22% |          25      1.02%     93.24% |          28      1.15%     94.39% |          27      1.11%     95.49% |          26      1.07%     96.56% |          28      1.15%     97.71% |          28      1.15%     98.85% |          28      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122550     94.14%     94.14% |           0      0.00%     94.14% |        2570      1.97%     96.12% |         728      0.56%     96.68% |         718      0.55%     97.23% |         718      0.55%     97.78% |         716      0.55%     98.33% |         735      0.56%     98.90% |         715      0.55%     99.44% |         723      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1605954     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |        5584      0.34%     97.93% |        4760      0.29%     98.22% |        4743      0.29%     98.51% |        5129      0.31%     98.82% |        4742      0.29%     99.11% |        4809      0.29%     99.40% |        4711      0.29%     99.69% |        5119      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25201     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        3075      6.19%     56.93% |        3065      6.17%     63.10% |        3059      6.16%     69.26% |        3065      6.17%     75.43% |        3065      6.17%     81.60% |        3056      6.15%     87.76% |        3033      6.11%     93.86% |        3048      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1936     97.14%     97.14% |          57      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127210     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82417     11.08%     28.18% |       76337     10.26%     38.44% |       76334     10.26%     48.70% |       76339     10.26%     58.96% |       76333     10.26%     69.22% |       76513     10.29%     79.51% |       76083     10.23%     89.74% |       76345     10.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.77%     13.77% |         126     13.77%     27.54% |         126     13.77%     41.31% |         126     13.77%     55.08% |         126     13.77%     68.85% |         159     17.38%     86.23% |         126     13.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.65% |          64     10.44%     11.09% |          71     11.58%     22.68% |          75     12.23%     34.91% |          76     12.40%     47.31% |          76     12.40%     59.71% |          90     14.68%     74.39% |          72     11.75%     86.13% |          85     13.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2993674     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         224      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.96% |         223      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         224      0.01%     99.99% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2995468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9482281     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4104      0.04%     99.74% |        4105      0.04%     99.78% |        4105      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.87% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3622      0.04%     99.96% |        4103      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9516074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311003     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2664      0.78%     95.29% |        2660      0.78%     96.07% |        2663      0.78%     96.85% |        2662      0.78%     97.63% |        2688      0.79%     98.42% |        2729      0.80%     99.22% |        2663      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.14%     10.14% |           9     13.04%     23.19% |           8     11.59%     34.78% |           8     11.59%     46.38% |           8     11.59%     57.97% |          13     18.84%     76.81% |           7     10.14%     86.96% |           9     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         331     14.22%     15.38% |         335     14.40%     29.78% |         332     14.27%     44.05% |         333     14.31%     58.36% |         335     14.40%     72.75% |         301     12.94%     85.69% |         333     14.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154466     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79725      9.99%     40.08% |       79720      9.99%     50.06% |       79732      9.99%     60.05% |       79726      9.99%     70.04% |       79911     10.01%     80.05% |       79537      9.96%     90.01% |       79730      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2268     77.14%     77.62% |         100      3.40%     81.02% |          92      3.13%     84.15% |          96      3.27%     87.41% |          88      2.99%     90.41% |         104      3.54%     93.95% |          91      3.10%     97.04% |          87      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124884     98.32%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |         264      0.21%     98.53% |         270      0.21%     98.74% |         262      0.21%     98.95% |         260      0.20%     99.15% |         263      0.21%     99.36% |         255      0.20%     99.56% |         296      0.23%     99.79% |         263      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     88.89%     88.89% |           4      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           2      2.78%     97.22% |           1      1.39%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286124     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         299      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.47% |         302      0.10%     99.57% |         303      0.10%     99.67% |         340      0.11%     99.79% |         305      0.10%     99.89% |         322      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.30%     37.30% |          17      9.19%     46.49% |          16      8.65%     55.14% |          17      9.19%     64.32% |          16      8.65%     72.97% |          19     10.27%     83.24% |          16      8.65%     91.89% |          15      8.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.38%      9.38% |           0      0.00%      9.38% |          79     35.27%     44.64% |          21      9.38%     54.02% |          16      7.14%     61.16% |          17      7.59%     68.75% |          16      7.14%     75.89% |          21      9.38%     85.27% |          17      7.59%     92.86% |          16      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438213     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       79001      7.28%     56.30% |       78994      7.28%     63.59% |       79002      7.28%     70.87% |       78995      7.28%     78.15% |       79201      7.30%     85.45% |       78812      7.26%     92.72% |       79008      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3975      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3269      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3911      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3492      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.03% |        3904      3.14%     46.17% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.35%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3561      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3095      2.49%     63.90% |        3727      3.00%     66.90% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3650      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5243      4.22%     92.32% |        5077      4.08%     96.41% |        4466      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64994      8.08%      8.08% |       24832      3.09%     11.17% |       23704      2.95%     14.12% |       24440      3.04%     17.16% |       23818      2.96%     20.12% |       23523      2.93%     23.05% |       23088      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24583      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25083      3.12%     37.92% |       24510      3.05%     40.97% |       23551      2.93%     43.90% |       23280      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.52% |       25146      3.13%     55.64% |       23718      2.95%     58.59% |       23913      2.97%     61.57% |       23898      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24409      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22899      2.85%     87.97% |       23520      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23846      2.97%     96.73% |       26296      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804004                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14714      4.96%      4.96% |        8839      2.98%      7.94% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.93%     13.97% |        9392      3.16%     17.14% |        8840      2.98%     20.12% |        8953      3.02%     23.13% |        8612      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.17% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.34% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.31% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.49% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76717      7.07%      7.07% |       33083      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33638      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35239      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9269      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.09%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.23% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217990                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19501      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19345      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19297      3.13%     15.68% |       19255      3.12%     18.80% |       19235      3.12%     21.92% |       19249      3.12%     25.04% |       19262      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19321      3.13%     34.43% |       19256      3.12%     37.55% |       19304      3.13%     40.68% |       19283      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19244      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19292      3.13%     56.30% |       19249      3.12%     59.42% |       19214      3.12%     62.54% |       19240      3.12%     65.66% |       19231      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19226      3.12%     87.51% |       19248      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19246      3.12%     96.87% |       19284      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29886      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27136      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27058      3.12%     15.92% |       27028      3.11%     19.03% |       27018      3.11%     22.14% |       27022      3.11%     25.25% |       27052      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27048      3.12%     37.72% |       27079      3.12%     40.84% |       27062      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27020      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27067      3.12%     56.42% |       27041      3.11%     59.53% |       26994      3.11%     62.64% |       27018      3.11%     65.75% |       27030      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       26999      3.11%     87.55% |       27029      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27011      3.11%     96.88% |       27048      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28862      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26034      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26038      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25996      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25970      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26006      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25987      3.11%     96.89% |       26024      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835546                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         237      9.02%      9.02% |          78      2.97%     11.99% |          84      3.20%     15.18% |          84      3.20%     18.38% |          95      3.61%     21.99% |          92      3.50%     25.49% |          72      2.74%     28.23% |          76      2.89%     31.13% |          80      3.04%     34.17% |          74      2.82%     36.99% |          78      2.97%     39.95% |          73      2.78%     42.73% |          78      2.97%     45.70% |          70      2.66%     48.36% |          72      2.74%     51.10% |          70      2.66%     53.77% |          71      2.70%     56.47% |          75      2.85%     59.32% |          77      2.93%     62.25% |          74      2.82%     65.07% |          71      2.70%     67.77% |          77      2.93%     70.70% |          74      2.82%     73.52% |          73      2.78%     76.29% |          74      2.82%     79.11% |          78      2.97%     82.08% |          78      2.97%     85.05% |          79      3.01%     88.05% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.06% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.74%     96.74% |           4      0.65%     97.39% |           3      0.49%     97.88% |           3      0.49%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           1      0.16%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      0.16%     98.69% |           3      0.49%     99.18% |           3      0.49%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         507     18.19%     18.19% |          94      3.37%     21.56% |          90      3.23%     24.79% |          90      3.23%     28.02% |          69      2.48%     30.50% |          69      2.48%     32.97% |          69      2.48%     35.45% |          69      2.48%     37.93% |          69      2.48%     40.40% |          69      2.48%     42.88% |          69      2.48%     45.35% |          69      2.48%     47.83% |          72      2.58%     50.41% |          69      2.48%     52.89% |          70      2.51%     55.40% |          69      2.48%     57.88% |          69      2.48%     60.35% |          90      3.23%     63.58% |          91      3.27%     66.85% |          91      3.27%     70.11% |          69      2.48%     72.59% |          69      2.48%     75.06% |          71      2.55%     77.61% |          69      2.48%     80.09% |          69      2.48%     82.56% |          70      2.51%     85.07% |          69      2.48%     87.55% |          69      2.48%     90.03% |          71      2.55%     92.57% |          69      2.48%     95.05% |          69      2.48%     97.52% |          69      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2787                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1062      5.86%      5.86% |         529      2.92%      8.77% |         545      3.00%     11.78% |         528      2.91%     14.69% |         543      2.99%     17.68% |         535      2.95%     20.63% |         523      2.88%     23.51% |         539      2.97%     26.49% |         548      3.02%     29.51% |         539      2.97%     32.48% |         579      3.19%     35.67% |         559      3.08%     38.75% |         586      3.23%     41.98% |         579      3.19%     45.18% |         563      3.10%     48.28% |         562      3.10%     51.38% |         573      3.16%     54.54% |         582      3.21%     57.75% |         546      3.01%     60.76% |         523      2.88%     63.64% |         536      2.96%     66.59% |         546      3.01%     69.61% |         531      2.93%     72.53% |         537      2.96%     75.49% |         566      3.12%     78.61% |         564      3.11%     81.72% |         557      3.07%     84.79% |         542      2.99%     87.78% |         536      2.96%     90.74% |         555      3.06%     93.80% |         545      3.00%     96.80% |         580      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         768     26.12%     26.12% |          75      2.55%     28.67% |          72      2.45%     31.12% |          72      2.45%     33.57% |          69      2.35%     35.92% |          69      2.35%     38.27% |          69      2.35%     40.61% |          69      2.35%     42.96% |          69      2.35%     45.31% |          69      2.35%     47.65% |          69      2.35%     50.00% |          69      2.35%     52.35% |          73      2.48%     54.83% |          69      2.35%     57.18% |          70      2.38%     59.56% |          69      2.35%     61.90% |          70      2.38%     64.29% |          72      2.45%     66.73% |          73      2.48%     69.22% |          72      2.45%     71.67% |          69      2.35%     74.01% |          69      2.35%     76.36% |          71      2.41%     78.78% |          69      2.35%     81.12% |          69      2.35%     83.47% |          70      2.38%     85.85% |          69      2.35%     88.20% |          69      2.35%     90.54% |          71      2.41%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.31% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2940                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77862      7.11%      7.11% |       33395      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32860      3.00%     16.14% |       33108      3.02%     19.17% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31958      2.92%     25.01% |       31675      2.89%     27.90% |       33956      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.96% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33124      3.02%     40.11% |       32699      2.99%     43.10% |       31744      2.90%     46.00% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34274      3.13%     54.92% |       32114      2.93%     57.85% |       32975      3.01%     60.86% |       32541      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33170      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34285      3.13%     96.75% |       35574      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         398      2.94%     18.13% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         417      3.08%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.17% |         414      3.06%     30.23% |         430      3.18%     33.41% |         428      3.16%     36.57% |         460      3.40%     39.97% |         449      3.32%     43.28% |         431      3.18%     46.47% |         439      3.24%     49.71% |         444      3.28%     52.99% |         450      3.32%     56.31% |         422      3.12%     59.43% |         397      2.93%     62.36% |         404      2.98%     65.34% |         427      3.15%     68.50% |         406      3.00%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.55% |         441      3.26%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.08% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         422      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.07%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23443      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.01% |       20682      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20679      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20660      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20635      3.11%     87.56% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20628      3.10%     96.88% |       20702      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5948      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1206     44.40%     44.40% |         198      7.29%     51.69% |         178      6.55%     58.25% |         184      6.77%     65.02% |          14      0.52%     65.54% |         248      9.13%     74.67% |          14      0.52%     75.18% |           5      0.18%     75.37% |           3      0.11%     75.48% |           1      0.04%     75.52% |          16      0.59%     76.10% |           4      0.15%     76.25% |           1      0.04%     76.29% |           1      0.04%     76.33% |          39      1.44%     77.76% |          16      0.59%     78.35% |           9      0.33%     78.68% |         154      5.67%     84.35% |         207      7.62%     91.97% |         158      5.82%     97.79% |           1      0.04%     97.83% |          15      0.55%     98.38% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.82% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.04% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.59% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          76     71.70%     71.70% |           6      5.66%     77.36% |           2      1.89%     79.25% |           5      4.72%     83.96% |           0      0.00%     83.96% |           1      0.94%     84.91% |           1      0.94%     85.85% |           0      0.00%     85.85% |           0      0.00%     85.85% |           1      0.94%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           5      4.72%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |           3      2.83%     94.34% |           1      0.94%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           0      0.00%     95.28% |           1      0.94%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           1      0.94%     97.17% |           1      0.94%     98.11% |           2      1.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         889      6.38%      6.38% |         387      2.78%      9.16% |         411      2.95%     12.11% |         402      2.89%     15.00% |         421      3.02%     18.02% |         400      2.87%     20.89% |         401      2.88%     23.77% |         415      2.98%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.65% |         410      2.94%     32.59% |         430      3.09%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         455      3.27%     42.02% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.59% |         448      3.22%     57.80% |         423      3.04%     60.84% |         398      2.86%     63.70% |         403      2.89%     66.59% |         423      3.04%     69.63% |         401      2.88%     72.51% |         408      2.93%     75.44% |         438      3.14%     78.58% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.90% |         420      3.02%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39573     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.31% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3815      2.85%     47.57% |        2877      2.15%     49.72% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.71% |        2797      2.09%     57.80% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2440      1.82%     63.05% |        4392      3.28%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.89% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3651      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.76% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5517      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133724                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8544      8.10%      8.10% |        2871      2.72%     10.82% |        3268      3.10%     13.92% |        2698      2.56%     16.47% |        3400      3.22%     19.70% |        2858      2.71%     22.41% |        2983      2.83%     25.23% |        2656      2.52%     27.75% |        3467      3.29%     31.04% |        2786      2.64%     33.68% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.42% |        3249      3.08%     42.50% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.86% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.15% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.37% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9223      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18479      3.08%      3.08% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.12% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.76% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18756      3.12%     50.00% |       18762      3.12%     53.13% |       18776      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18782      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         768     26.12%     26.12% |          75      2.55%     28.67% |          72      2.45%     31.12% |          72      2.45%     33.57% |          69      2.35%     35.92% |          69      2.35%     38.27% |          69      2.35%     40.61% |          69      2.35%     42.96% |          69      2.35%     45.31% |          69      2.35%     47.65% |          69      2.35%     50.00% |          69      2.35%     52.35% |          73      2.48%     54.83% |          69      2.35%     57.18% |          70      2.38%     59.56% |          69      2.35%     61.90% |          70      2.38%     64.29% |          72      2.45%     66.73% |          73      2.48%     69.22% |          72      2.45%     71.67% |          69      2.35%     74.01% |          69      2.35%     76.36% |          71      2.41%     78.78% |          69      2.35%     81.12% |          69      2.35%     83.47% |          70      2.38%     85.85% |          69      2.35%     88.20% |          69      2.35%     90.54% |          71      2.41%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.31% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2940                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          85      8.64%      8.64% |          29      2.95%     11.59% |          29      2.95%     14.53% |          29      2.95%     17.48% |          29      2.95%     20.43% |          29      2.95%     23.37% |          29      2.95%     26.32% |          29      2.95%     29.27% |          29      2.95%     32.22% |          29      2.95%     35.16% |          29      2.95%     38.11% |          29      2.95%     41.06% |          29      2.95%     44.00% |          29      2.95%     46.95% |          29      2.95%     49.90% |          29      2.95%     52.85% |          29      2.95%     55.79% |          29      2.95%     58.74% |          29      2.95%     61.69% |          29      2.95%     64.63% |          29      2.95%     67.58% |          29      2.95%     70.53% |          29      2.95%     73.48% |          29      2.95%     76.42% |          29      2.95%     79.37% |          29      2.95%     82.32% |          29      2.95%     85.26% |          29      2.95%     88.21% |          29      2.95%     91.16% |          29      2.95%     94.11% |          29      2.95%     97.05% |          29      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76717      7.07%      7.07% |       33083      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33638      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35239      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         133      6.30%      6.30% |          71      3.36%      9.66% |          74      3.51%     13.17% |          67      3.17%     16.34% |          76      3.60%     19.94% |          81      3.84%     23.78% |          51      2.42%     26.20% |          59      2.79%     28.99% |          83      3.93%     32.92% |          63      2.98%     35.91% |          86      4.07%     39.98% |          63      2.98%     42.97% |          60      2.84%     45.81% |          63      2.98%     48.79% |          63      2.98%     51.78% |          54      2.56%     54.33% |          61      2.89%     57.22% |          68      3.22%     60.45% |          57      2.70%     63.15% |          55      2.61%     65.75% |          63      2.98%     68.74% |          57      2.70%     71.44% |          58      2.75%     74.18% |          57      2.70%     76.88% |          58      2.75%     79.63% |          60      2.84%     82.47% |          52      2.46%     84.94% |          58      2.75%     87.68% |          54      2.56%     90.24% |          56      2.65%     92.89% |          61      2.89%     95.78% |          89      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           8     26.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |          10     33.33%     86.67% |           1      3.33%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28862      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26112      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26034      3.12%     15.93% |       26004      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26038      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25996      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25970      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26006      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25987      3.11%     96.89% |       26024      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835546                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     81.25%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.90%      2.90% |           5      2.42%      5.31% |          12      5.80%     11.11% |          14      6.76%     17.87% |          25     12.08%     29.95% |          22     10.63%     40.58% |           1      0.48%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |          10      4.83%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           8      3.86%     55.56% |           3      1.45%     57.00% |           4      1.93%     58.94% |           1      0.48%     59.42% |           2      0.97%     60.39% |           1      0.48%     60.87% |           2      0.97%     61.84% |           6      2.90%     64.73% |           6      2.90%     67.63% |           4      1.93%     69.57% |           2      0.97%     70.53% |           6      2.90%     73.43% |           2      0.97%     74.40% |           2      0.97%     75.36% |           4      1.93%     77.29% |           7      3.38%     80.68% |           7      3.38%     84.06% |           8      3.86%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |          11      5.31%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         127      6.67%      6.67% |          66      3.47%     10.14% |          62      3.26%     13.39% |          53      2.78%     16.18% |          51      2.68%     18.86% |          59      3.10%     21.95% |          50      2.63%     24.58% |          52      2.73%     27.31% |          73      3.83%     31.14% |          58      3.05%     34.19% |          78      4.10%     38.29% |          60      3.15%     41.44% |          56      2.94%     44.38% |          62      3.26%     47.64% |          61      3.20%     50.84% |          53      2.78%     53.62% |          59      3.10%     56.72% |          62      3.26%     59.98% |          51      2.68%     62.66% |          51      2.68%     65.34% |          61      3.20%     68.54% |          51      2.68%     71.22% |          56      2.94%     74.16% |          55      2.89%     77.05% |          54      2.84%     79.88% |          53      2.78%     82.67% |          45      2.36%     85.03% |          50      2.63%     87.66% |          48      2.52%     90.18% |          50      2.63%     92.80% |          50      2.63%     95.43% |          87      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1904                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         458     81.06%     81.06% |          23      4.07%     85.13% |          21      3.72%     88.85% |          21      3.72%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |          14      2.48%     95.04% |          14      2.48%     97.52% |          14      2.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          565                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         889      6.38%      6.38% |         387      2.78%      9.16% |         411      2.95%     12.11% |         402      2.89%     15.00% |         421      3.02%     18.02% |         400      2.87%     20.89% |         401      2.88%     23.77% |         415      2.98%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.65% |         410      2.94%     32.59% |         430      3.09%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         455      3.27%     42.02% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.59% |         448      3.22%     57.80% |         423      3.04%     60.84% |         398      2.86%     63.70% |         403      2.89%     66.59% |         423      3.04%     69.63% |         401      2.88%     72.51% |         408      2.93%     75.44% |         438      3.14%     78.58% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.90% |         420      3.02%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23442      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.00% |       20682      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20679      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20660      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20635      3.11%     87.56% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20628      3.10%     96.88% |       20702      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         435      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         413      3.05%      9.11% |         404      2.98%     12.10% |         422      3.12%     15.21% |         398      2.94%     18.15% |         400      2.95%     21.11% |         417      3.08%     24.19% |         407      3.01%     27.19% |         414      3.06%     30.25% |         430      3.18%     33.42% |         428      3.16%     36.59% |         460      3.40%     39.98% |         449      3.32%     43.30% |         431      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         450      3.32%     56.33% |         422      3.12%     59.44% |         397      2.93%     62.37% |         404      2.98%     65.36% |         427      3.15%     68.51% |         406      3.00%     71.51% |         413      3.05%     74.56% |         441      3.26%     77.82% |         443      3.27%     81.09% |         445      3.29%     84.37% |         421      3.11%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5948      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         209     81.01%     81.01% |           6      2.33%     83.33% |           3      1.16%     84.50% |           6      2.33%     86.82% |           0      0.00%     86.82% |           1      0.39%     87.21% |           1      0.39%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |           1      0.39%     87.98% |           0      0.00%     87.98% |           0      0.00%     87.98% |           5      1.94%     89.92% |           0      0.00%     89.92% |           2      0.78%     90.70% |           1      0.39%     91.09% |           0      0.00%     91.09% |           0      0.00%     91.09% |          10      3.88%     94.96% |           2      0.78%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           1      0.39%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           2      0.78%     96.90% |           1      0.39%     97.29% |           4      1.55%     98.84% |           1      0.39%     99.22% |           1      0.39%     99.61% |           1      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           4     36.36%     54.55% |           5     45.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77653      7.09%      7.09% |       33389      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.13% |       32854      3.00%     16.13% |       33108      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.08% |       31957      2.92%     24.99% |       31675      2.89%     27.89% |       33956      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.08% |       33124      3.03%     40.10% |       32694      2.99%     43.09% |       31744      2.90%     45.99% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34274      3.13%     54.91% |       32114      2.93%     57.84% |       32965      3.01%     60.85% |       32539      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33647      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31818      2.91%     87.68% |       33166      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35573      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           3     15.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           5     25.00%     55.00% |           4     20.00%     75.00% |           5     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         175      7.57%      7.57% |          71      3.07%     10.64% |          69      2.98%     13.62% |          64      2.77%     16.39% |          69      2.98%     19.38% |          69      2.98%     22.36% |          69      2.98%     25.35% |          69      2.98%     28.33% |          69      2.98%     31.31% |          69      2.98%     34.30% |          69      2.98%     37.28% |          65      2.81%     40.10% |          73      3.16%     43.25% |          69      2.98%     46.24% |          69      2.98%     49.22% |          69      2.98%     52.21% |          69      2.98%     55.19% |          69      2.98%     58.17% |          70      3.03%     61.20% |          68      2.94%     64.14% |          69      2.98%     67.13% |          69      2.98%     70.11% |          71      3.07%     73.18% |          69      2.98%     76.17% |          69      2.98%     79.15% |          69      2.98%     82.14% |          69      2.98%     85.12% |          69      2.98%     88.11% |          69      2.98%     91.09% |          68      2.94%     94.03% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.74%     96.74% |           4      0.65%     97.39% |           3      0.49%     97.88% |           3      0.49%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           1      0.16%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      0.16%     98.69% |           3      0.49%     99.18% |           3      0.49%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     26.67%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     13.33%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           1      6.67%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     13.33%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     26.67%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     13.33%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           1      6.67%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     13.33%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         768     26.26%     26.26% |          75      2.56%     28.82% |          72      2.46%     31.28% |          67      2.29%     33.57% |          69      2.36%     35.93% |          69      2.36%     38.29% |          69      2.36%     40.65% |          69      2.36%     43.01% |          69      2.36%     45.37% |          69      2.36%     47.73% |          69      2.36%     50.09% |          65      2.22%     52.31% |          73      2.50%     54.80% |          69      2.36%     57.16% |          70      2.39%     59.56% |          69      2.36%     61.91% |          70      2.39%     64.31% |          72      2.46%     66.77% |          73      2.50%     69.26% |          70      2.39%     71.66% |          69      2.36%     74.02% |          69      2.36%     76.38% |          71      2.43%     78.80% |          69      2.36%     81.16% |          69      2.36%     83.52% |          69      2.36%     85.88% |          69      2.36%     88.24% |          69      2.36%     90.60% |          69      2.36%     92.96% |          68      2.32%     95.28% |          69      2.36%     97.64% |          69      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2925                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       78781      4.39%      4.39% |      896842     50.00%     54.39% |      108200      6.03%     60.42% |      103092      5.75%     66.17% |      101478      5.66%     71.83% |      103385      5.76%     77.59% |      101511      5.66%     83.25% |      103725      5.78%     89.04% |       97597      5.44%     94.48% |       99073      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1793684                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       78781      4.39%      4.39% |      896842     50.00%     54.39% |      108200      6.03%     60.42% |      103092      5.75%     66.17% |      101478      5.66%     71.83% |      103385      5.76%     77.59% |      101511      5.66%     83.25% |      103725      5.78%     89.04% |       97597      5.44%     94.48% |       99073      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1793684                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       78781      4.39%      4.39% |      896842     50.00%     54.39% |      108200      6.03%     60.42% |      103092      5.75%     66.17% |      101478      5.66%     71.83% |      103385      5.76%     77.59% |      101511      5.66%     83.25% |      103725      5.78%     89.04% |       97597      5.44%     94.48% |       99073      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1793684                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       78781      4.39%      4.39% |      896842     50.00%     54.39% |      108200      6.03%     60.42% |      103092      5.75%     66.17% |      101478      5.66%     71.83% |      103385      5.76%     77.59% |      101511      5.66%     83.25% |      103725      5.78%     89.04% |       97597      5.44%     94.48% |       99073      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1793684                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
