
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056738                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56738386500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232906465000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29536                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    52403                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               74306372                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3638496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   763.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22552780                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40013507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12585664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12585664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8028800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8028800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       196651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             196651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    221819209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            221819209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141505610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141505610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    363324819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           363324819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     196651                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125450                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   196651                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125450                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12584320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8028672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12585664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8028800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            11973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           11943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   105856                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     7566                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56737835000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               196651                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125450                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                108117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  17691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  18383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  18922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  19568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  10144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  15623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        98404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.462705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.886584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.113386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        32941     33.48%     33.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29075     29.55%     63.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23919     24.31%     87.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5610      5.70%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3342      3.40%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1258      1.28%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          681      0.69%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          527      0.54%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1051      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        98404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.327803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.146144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17349     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.227100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.540732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.647143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12282     70.76%     70.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2067     11.91%     82.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1982     11.42%     94.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1027      5.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 38359570819                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            42046383319                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 983150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   195085.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              213835.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      221.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   221.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.70                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  146847                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  76814                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176149.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11627119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43209443500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              373584960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              369978840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              203841000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              201873375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             766217400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             766451400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            406095120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            406347840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22311427635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21789852840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14467118250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14924640000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42233652525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42164512455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.455757                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          743.237019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12345600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12345600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7807424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7807424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       192900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             192900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       121991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            121991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217588140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            217588140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137603913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137603913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    355192053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           355192053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     192900                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    121991                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   192900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  121991                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12344320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7807360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12345600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7807424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            11945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           11936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   102234                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     7159                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56737584500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               192900                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              121991                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                104394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  17759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  18389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  15221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        91604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.977818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.444433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.835283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27122     29.61%     29.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27980     30.54%     60.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23961     26.16%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5632      6.15%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3391      3.70%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1197      1.31%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          749      0.82%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          518      0.57%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1054      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        91604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.490468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.464289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16779     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        16786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.267366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.567087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.684101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11737     69.92%     69.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2090     12.45%     82.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1883     11.22%     93.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1076      6.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        16786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 37260365008                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            40876865008                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 964400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   193179.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              211929.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      217.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   217.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  145428                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  77828                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               63.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180181.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11892068500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42944491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              348576480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              343685160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              190195500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              187526625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             752419200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             751085400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            395273520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            394806960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22088187135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21530979360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14662941000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15151719750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42142960995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42065171415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.857179                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          741.485976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12346624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7807616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7807616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       192916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             192916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       121994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            121994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    217606188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            217606188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137607297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137607297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    355213485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           355213485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     192916                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    121994                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   192916                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  121994                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12345344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7807424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12346624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7807616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            11950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           11941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   101363                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     7551                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56738213000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               192916                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              121994                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                    799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                103663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  17806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  18374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  15395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        91184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.993859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.558103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.462015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26640     29.22%     29.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27724     30.40%     59.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24312     26.66%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5640      6.19%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3405      3.73%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1205      1.32%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          701      0.77%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          488      0.54%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1069      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        91184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.462206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.483790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16821     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        16828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.249287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.556080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.664880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11758     69.87%     69.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2142     12.73%     82.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1866     11.09%     93.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1062      6.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        16828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 37212135358                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            40828935358                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 964480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   192912.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              211662.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      217.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   217.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  145486                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  78208                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180172.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875049000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42961515000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              348478200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              340593120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              190141875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              185839500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             752614200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             750952800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            395118000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            394981920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21839833575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21337839990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14880797250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321142500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42112351260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42036717990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.317570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.984377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12325952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12325952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7806016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7806016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       192593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             192593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       121969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            121969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    217241849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            217241849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137579097                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137579097                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    354820946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           354820946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     192593                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    121969                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   192593                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  121969                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12325056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7806016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12325952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7806016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           11930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   100225                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     7190                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56737285500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               192593                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              121969                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                    831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                102426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  17130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  17750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  18406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  15264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        90485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.458441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.803800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.360360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26086     28.83%     28.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27817     30.74%     59.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24060     26.59%     86.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5681      6.28%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3345      3.70%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1157      1.28%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          742      0.82%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          507      0.56%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1090      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        90485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.452129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.196029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16809     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        16816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.253152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.557578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.669301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11788     70.10%     70.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2065     12.28%     82.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1938     11.52%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1025      6.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        16816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 36983290816                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            40594147066                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 962895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   192042.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              210792.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      217.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   217.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  145440                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  78613                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180369.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622030000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43214585750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              343881720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              339905160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              187633875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              185464125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             750656400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             750500400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            394975440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            394936560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21821446800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21103689690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14896957500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15526569000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42100919895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42006433095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.115382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.449857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7036737                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 48.212885                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.207498                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               100.105267                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6935773     98.57%     98.57% |       95008      1.35%     99.92% |        5894      0.08%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7036737                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15812085                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.566658                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.706464                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.639769                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14383765     90.97%     90.97% |      921076      5.83%     96.79% |       29586      0.19%     96.98% |       27467      0.17%     97.15% |       31273      0.20%     97.35% |       37822      0.24%     97.59% |       65563      0.41%     98.00% |      145836      0.92%     98.93% |      169697      1.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15812085                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15812084                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              67.691905                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.272429                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            368.032768                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15416453     97.50%     97.50% |      205923      1.30%     98.80% |      134806      0.85%     99.65% |       42932      0.27%     99.92% |        9766      0.06%     99.99% |        1850      0.01%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15812084                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14634886                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000372                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000319                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019811                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14629555     99.96%     99.96% |        5242      0.04%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14634886                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177198                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        871.934863                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       345.997411                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1058.537180                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      781567     66.39%     66.39% |      205923     17.49%     83.88% |      134806     11.45%     95.34% |       42932      3.65%     98.98% |        9766      0.83%     99.81% |        1850      0.16%     99.97% |         282      0.02%     99.99% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177198                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         121620                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       121620                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          538                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          486                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          513                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          524                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10913599                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       510181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11423780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3716916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3841006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       255265                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22354                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       108464                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529043                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47682                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          302                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         8419                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          276                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         8555                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33940                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         8707                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         8573                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         8534                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         8624                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          252                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         8694                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          251                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         8590                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         8547                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          286                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         8670                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         8666                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         8727                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         8641                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          269                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         8623                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         8642                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         8710                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36676                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36528                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34684                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9974                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34098                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10534                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24056                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10942                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8877                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        11096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24082                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10537                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10787                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10787                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34428                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24064                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12566                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36663                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13268                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35939                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39221                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24048                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24070                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24082                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32981                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9163431                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9163431                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9350410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9163431                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3940892                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3931027                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9163431                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.080752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4343832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4343832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4508517                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4343832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2165837                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2150344                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4343832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.038279                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3369587                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3369587                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3511874                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3369587                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1315670                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1307611                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3369587                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.029694                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2952814                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2952814                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3087652                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2952814                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1197032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1190382                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2952814                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.026021                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3627518                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3627518                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3788008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3627518                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1708780                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1696666                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3627518                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.031967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3765300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3765300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3958362                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3765300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1782924                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1768156                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3765300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.033181                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4524160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4524160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4713470                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4524160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1722379                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1709676                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4524160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.039869                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3292380                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3292380                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3471365                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3292380                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1369312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1356928                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3292380                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.029014                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1979908                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1979908                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2053946                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1979908                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       831134                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       826572                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1979908                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.017448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2516185                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2516185                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2632841                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2516185                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1152603                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1144921                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2516185                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.022174                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2350565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2350565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2477380                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2350565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       987854                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       979705                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2350565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.020714                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2054487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2054487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2138083                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2054487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       831524                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       827063                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2054487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.018105                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2648330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2648330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2761114                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2648330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1180194                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1172894                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2648330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023338                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2323786                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2323786                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2441203                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2323786                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       964585                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956598                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2323786                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020478                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1501474                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1501474                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1568615                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1501474                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       648070                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       642962                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1501474                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013232                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2136203                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2136203                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2250872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2136203                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       941354                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       930003                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2136203                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.018825                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2688324                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2688324                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2804670                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2688324                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1119265                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1108256                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2688324                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023691                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2229994                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2229994                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2345546                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2229994                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       966303                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956846                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2229994                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.019652                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1876973                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1876973                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1941565                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1876973                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       798107                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       794537                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1876973                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.016541                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1200167                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1200167                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1224264                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1200167                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       500709                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499703                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1200167                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       886126                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       886126                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       890413                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       886126                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       395352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       395306                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       886126                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007809                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1120565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1120565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1126177                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1120565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530718                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530477                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1120565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.009875                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1015714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1015714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1022340                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1015714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       452531                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       452282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1015714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008951                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       685926                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       685926                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       687729                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       685926                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       295434                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       295362                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       685926                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.006045                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       833227                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       833227                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       837392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       833227                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       343789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       343739                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       833227                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007343                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1046964                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1046964                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1052329                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1046964                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       487680                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       487424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1046964                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009226                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1003243                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1003243                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1009839                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1003243                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       439924                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       439675                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1003243                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008841                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       691513                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       691513                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       693272                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       691513                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       296195                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       296133                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       691513                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.006094                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3703604                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3703604                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4001425                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3703604                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1492312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1483052                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3703604                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032638                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3804200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3804200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4048282                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3804200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1535471                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1527188                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3804200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033524                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      4002893                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      4002893                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4357377                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4002893                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1628813                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1614881                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      4002893                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.035275                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4067797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4067797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4384592                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4067797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1673402                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1660529                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4067797                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035847                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5824261     27.61%     27.61% |    14202748     67.33%     94.94% |     1068380      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21095389                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5824261     27.61%     27.61% |    14202748     67.33%     94.94% |     1068380      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21095389                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   217291251                       |   359281191                       |    25048225                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   335385173                       |    58631879                       |     1068380                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.307952                       |   25.296597                       |   23.445052                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   57.584159                       |    4.128207                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.519060                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    18.728521                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         47.247581                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002990                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.065618      7.13%      7.13% |    0.065452      7.11%     14.23% |    0.064182      6.97%     21.20% |    0.064025      6.95%     28.15% |    0.155214     16.85%     45.01% |    0.151364     16.44%     61.44% |    0.154938     16.82%     78.27% |    0.151205     16.42%     94.69% |    0.012230      1.33%     96.02% |    0.012227      1.33%     97.34% |    0.012235      1.33%     98.67% |    0.012228      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.920916                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022969                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027622                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001431                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001429                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005367                       |    0.002834                       |    0.002646                       |    0.002797                       |    0.002659                       |    0.002678                       |    0.002633                       |    0.002643                       |    0.002693                       |    0.002742                       |    0.002827                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002721                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002688                       |    0.002781                       |    0.002715                       |    0.002731                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002761                       |    0.003051                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002743                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002721                       |    0.002764                       |    0.002832                       |    0.002857                       |    0.002957                       |    0.003138                       |    0.010384                       |    0.010182                       |    0.010183                       |    0.010166                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000552                       |    0.001626                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000068                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000067                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000068                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000061                       |    0.000064                       |    0.000064                       |    0.000070                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002811                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002976                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002735                       |    0.000063                       |    0.003357                       |    0.006359                       |    0.003143                       |           0                       |    0.002883                       |    0.007662                       |           0                       |    0.007586                       |    0.010833                       |    0.003674                       |    0.001788                       |    0.002688                       |    0.000069                       |    0.007728                       |    0.005766                       |    0.011655                       |    0.001789                       |    0.002837                       |    0.000072                       |    0.010799                       |    0.006291                       |    0.004233                       |           0                       |    0.002870                       |    0.007473                       |           0                       |    0.011883                       |    0.007143                       |    0.004154                       |    0.001789                       |    0.002765                       |    0.000066                       |    0.006274                       |    0.003251                       |    0.003961                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002743                       |    0.001805                       |           0                       |    0.003015                       |           0                       |    0.001475                       |    0.003051                       |    0.002334                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002731                       |    0.000067                       |    0.002698                       |    0.004201                       |    0.006486                       |    0.004199                       |    0.001790                       |    0.002696                       |    0.000068                       |    0.005336                       |    0.009234                       |    0.008443                       |    0.004400                       |    0.032544                       |    0.004544                       |    0.000552                       |    0.003919                       |    0.015112                       |    0.018651                       |    0.005429                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002860                       |    0.001626                       |    0.004073                       |    0.009189                       |    0.015133                       |    0.005395                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002700                       |    0.000074                       |    0.007920                       |    0.007528                       |    0.008666                       |    0.004501                       |    0.001787                       |    0.002747                       |    0.000068                       |    0.003995                       |    0.006250                       |    0.003963                       |    0.004528                       |           0                       |    0.002789                       |           0                       |    0.001349                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002344                       |           0                       |    0.002793                       |           0                       |    0.000819                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002604                       |    0.001790                       |    0.002821                       |    0.000063                       |    0.002507                       |    0.003347                       |    0.006249                       |    0.003937                       |           0                       |    0.002970                       |    0.007474                       |           0                       |    0.002540                       |    0.007583                       |    0.010751                       |    0.003957                       |    0.001789                       |    0.002674                       |    0.000069                       |    0.017923                       |    0.007717                       |    0.005657                       |    0.004041                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002702                       |    0.000072                       |    0.003405                       |    0.010890                       |    0.006179                       |    0.003974                       |           0                       |    0.003066                       |    0.007467                       |           0                       |    0.003464                       |    0.012124                       |    0.007135                       |    0.002591                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002740                       |    0.000066                       |    0.003769                       |    0.006244                       |    0.003241                       |    0.002627                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.000713                       |    0.002721                       |    0.002616                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.000535                       |    0.002728                       |    0.001788                       |    0.002714                       |    0.000061                       |    0.001878                       |    0.000713                       |    0.006078                       |    0.001790                       |    0.002731                       |    0.000064                       |    0.003769                       |    0.002413                       |    0.008059                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002813                       |    0.000064                       |    0.008668                       |    0.004609                       |    0.005746                       |    0.001789                       |    0.002743                       |    0.000070                       |    0.001693                       |    0.007316                       |    0.006040                       |           0                       |    0.002770                       |           0                       |    0.005618                       |    0.005717                       |    0.002436                       |           0                       |    0.002805                       |           0                       |    0.001879                       |    0.005179                       |    0.000713                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.000535                       |    0.002764                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.920916                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5023339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5023339                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3435232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2809187                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.775758                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          348232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9636004                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55082                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7820371                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103635                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9691086                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7924006                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17456375                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158717                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17615092                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3848050                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9499                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3857549                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3848050                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9499                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3857549                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109915730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14553252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29340608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5023339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3157419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90280438                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239003                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       328696                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3847417                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154066                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3831                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106054177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95885808     90.41%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1543738      1.46%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           826126      0.78%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           758211      0.71%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           812437      0.77%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           860435      0.81%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           731191      0.69%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494157      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4142074      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106054177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045702                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.266937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9299834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89010488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2692305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343234                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50334764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343234                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10432998                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51593070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7428835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6158185                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30097848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       48994219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2011552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51301195                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120684077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75027823                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40864399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18398941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4900125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8086477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       614241                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       428845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47755397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       272901                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50454987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215516                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12493745                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67855                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106054177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85877310     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7424273      7.00%     87.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5378803      5.07%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2386549      2.25%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2040719      1.92%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1507308      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878527      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342621      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218067      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106054177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106638     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680157     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90845     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235517      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32395469     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9781644     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7959277     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50454987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.459033                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877640                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017395                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208057223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55817785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44372008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51097067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       800481                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7743                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5749280                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343234                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4617536                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44960675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48028298                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4900125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8086477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       263804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          72433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7743                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224941                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      49941820                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9629194                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       354983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17458976                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3809894                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7829782                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.454365                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44452087                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44372042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24755761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40136006                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.403691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       205046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104777378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.195668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89152663     85.09%     85.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5539682      5.29%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5127333      4.89%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1967501      1.88%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       967256      0.92%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       328670      0.31%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219239      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311427      0.30%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1163607      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104777378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22552779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40013504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11298816                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3724841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3436044                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39663930                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       271334                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28522927     71.28%     71.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3724841      9.31%     81.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7573975     18.93%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40013504                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1163607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151544465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97319978                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3861553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22552779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40013504                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.873711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.873711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         77823929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32416920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19114254                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12892719                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25660235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1459466000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1459465999.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3267768                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        72.470304                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.453524                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      142.469834                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3166805     96.91%     96.91% |       95007      2.91%     99.82% |        5894      0.18%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3267768                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3751784                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.202872                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.708103                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.606631                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3726606     99.33%     99.33% |       20640      0.55%     99.88% |        3055      0.08%     99.96% |         990      0.03%     99.99% |         324      0.01%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3751784                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17185                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.458656                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.044922                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.556394                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         592      3.44%      3.44% |        2091     12.17%     15.61% |        7660     44.57%     60.19% |        3907     22.73%     82.92% |        2769     16.11%     99.03% |         135      0.79%     99.82% |          29      0.17%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17185                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3980597                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          126.158085                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.378876                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         499.669768                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3777535     94.90%     94.90% |      111231      2.79%     97.69% |       68653      1.72%     99.42% |       18945      0.48%     99.89% |        3468      0.09%     99.98% |         636      0.02%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3980597                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3514078                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001020                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000879                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032221                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3510515     99.90%     99.90% |        3551      0.10%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3514078                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466519                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1053.844913                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    436.279277                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1074.927332                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      263457     56.47%     56.47% |      111231     23.84%     80.32% |       68653     14.72%     95.03% |       18945      4.06%     99.09% |        3468      0.74%     99.84% |         636      0.14%     99.97% |         103      0.02%     99.99% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466519                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7822076                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           69.628042                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.305990                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         377.884529                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7629605     97.54%     97.54% |       94645      1.21%     98.75% |       66116      0.85%     99.59% |       23978      0.31%     99.90% |        6294      0.08%     99.98% |        1213      0.02%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7822076                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7247678                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000244                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000207                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016589                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7246009     99.98%     99.98% |        1592      0.02%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7247678                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574398                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     910.328789                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    411.235773                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1087.104793                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      381927     66.49%     66.49% |       94645     16.48%     82.97% |       66116     11.51%     94.48% |       23978      4.17%     98.65% |        6294      1.10%     99.75% |        1213      0.21%     99.96% |         179      0.03%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574398                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3841005                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.697698                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.329140                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      21.406859                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3840912    100.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3841005                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3716916                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001372                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3716909    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3716916                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.503493                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.257868                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    86.238642                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123996     99.93%     99.93% |          45      0.04%     99.96% |          34      0.03%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124089                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.806627                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805189                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    33.866168                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      167048     99.98%     99.98% |          33      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154836     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.535121                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.559360                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    87.466404                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       12120     99.69%     99.69% |          33      0.27%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8938                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1844220                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        53702                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     2119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     3952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17660                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     2129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     3889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     7097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    17552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     2095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     3882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    7033                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   17528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    2085                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    3938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7010                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   17577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    2113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    3942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    7115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   17489                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    2109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    3900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    6990                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   17563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    2085                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    3840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                    7070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   17556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    2115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    3865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    7095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   17582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    2106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    3912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   17561                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    2123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    3928                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                    7025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                   17581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                    2133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                    3895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    7006                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   17565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    2089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    3863                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                    6990                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   17580                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                    2112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    3883                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                    7050                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   17603                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    2102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                    3915                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    7056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                   17587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                    2114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    3882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                    7064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                   17591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                    2108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                    3842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    7035                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                   17514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    775                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   382                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  2383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   802                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  2316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  2290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  2311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                  2291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                   139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   866                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                  2307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                   183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  2292                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                   437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                   822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                  2269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                   170                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                   816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                  2285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                   158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                   438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                  2281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                   164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                   837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                  2358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     1605                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     1760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3046                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     7250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1823                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     7276                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     1829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    3078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    7397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    1562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    1693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    3068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    7237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    1593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    1710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    3060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    7453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    1570                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    1800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    3089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    7299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    1620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    1872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    3072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    7440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    1612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    1818                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    3037                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    7348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                    1671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                    1824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                    3064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                    7361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                    1620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                    1786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                    3161                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                    7359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                    1569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                    1817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                    3089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                    7352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                    1616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                    1845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                    3132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                    7413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                    1627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                    1822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                    3140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                    7418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                    1616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                    1813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                    3113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                    7376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                    1617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                    1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                    3067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                    7376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                    1562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                    1788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                    3094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                    7401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   61541                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                   84388                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  297793                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  771481                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   59212                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                   99291                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  307705                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  756719                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                   65975                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                   82311                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 314642                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles             4295751570                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles             4295028854                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles             4295064723                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles             4295267368                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295719703                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295036160                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4295068372                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295269165                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295750096                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4295026805                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295055330                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295265603                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4295741866                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4295035210                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4295076034                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4295288025                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4295765633                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4295035207                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4295073113                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4295272131                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4295741199                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4295043523                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4295073675                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4295267114                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4295765155                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4295033033                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4295080088                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4295277163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4295729588                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4295032558                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4295058051                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4295275103                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4295737666                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4295035869                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4295069290                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4295288742                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4295763687                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles             4295045947                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles             4295085712                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles             4295291587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles             4295764714                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles             4295036922                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles             4295081199                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles             4295279763                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles             4295752744                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles             4295034647                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles             4295065455                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles             4295267216                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles             4295730740                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles             4295033812                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles             4295064746                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles             4295274347                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles             4295740097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                      96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                      96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                      96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   4317                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  3555                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                   85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 1985                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                10746                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                   87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 1939                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                10651                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                   85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 1919                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                3849                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               10630                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                  84                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                1983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                3823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               10694                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                3900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               10636                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                1952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               10664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                  85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                1899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                3876                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               10662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                  85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                1964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                3897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               10698                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                  85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                1956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                3942                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               10702                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                1975                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits                3826                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits               10652                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits                1937                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                3803                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               10677                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                  85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                1938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                3805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               10699                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                  90                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                1948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                3837                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               10706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                  88                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits                1961                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3845                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits               10692                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                  88                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                1948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                3862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits               10699                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                  85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                1942                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                3827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits               10656                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1350                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                  9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                237                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1445                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                257                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               471                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1466                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               497                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1402                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              1460                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               224                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               506                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               444                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              1434                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               212                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              1398                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               378                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses              1394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               201                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               494                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses              1444                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               514                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses              1419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               515                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses              1397                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses                 6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses               228                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses               483                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses              1390                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               215                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               475                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses              1404                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses               228                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               458                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses              1397                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses               234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses               493                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses              1440                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1967                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                3214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                1950                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                3212                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                6901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                2010                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               3184                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               6898                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1955                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               3187                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               2026                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               1959                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               3215                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               6853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               2022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               3176                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               6899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               2000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               1941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               3194                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               6894                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               2030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               3198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               6884                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               2021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               3192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               6859                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1953                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               3199                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               6929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               2046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               1958                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               3203                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               6888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               2004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               1925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               3185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               6881                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               2022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               1935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               3213                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               6897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               2014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               1954                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               3211                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               6895                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits               2026                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               3202                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               6892                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits               2023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits               1900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               3208                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits               6858                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               142                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               338                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               862                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               875                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               166                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               181                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              368                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              878                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              175                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              365                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              893                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              337                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              923                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              196                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              376                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              877                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              203                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              358                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              882                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              243                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              354                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses              892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses              155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              188                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses              360                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses              917                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses              140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses              191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses              353                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              847                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses              130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses              186                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              352                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses              888                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses              172                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses              219                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses              367                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses              895                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses              154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses              209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses              339                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              879                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses              162                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses              190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses              341                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses              881                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses              150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses              210                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses              350                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses              884                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses              153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses              244                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses              344                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses              918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 204366                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 241237                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 736058                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1493149                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 202288                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 271811                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 732412                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1511134                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 192320                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 250214                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                753951                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1506274                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                200784                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                271855                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                749405                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1485714                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                202670                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                265521                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                745603                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1502308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                196422                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                268461                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                749592                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1486963                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                198974                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                279740                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                748381                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1520923                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                192182                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                282868                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                750426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1488406                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                201866                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles                271871                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                746166                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               1516403                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles                202608                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                278761                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles                747039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               1500987                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                196525                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles                265693                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                742566                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               1515162                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                188421                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                280742                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles                761189                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               1525279                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles                202793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                275991                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                757927                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               1524536                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                203564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles                276902                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                750879                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles               1510314                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles                204263                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                265005                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles                746821                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               1498077                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                202537                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                268884                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                754343                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               1504729                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 31766                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                 90249                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                691367                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1411816                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 34806                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                159033                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                683816                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1437706                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 38388                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                110227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               715654                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1430322                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                39814                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               114345                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               712233                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1400444                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                 8573                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               115431                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               706923                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1422307                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                 9188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles                93983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               712824                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1414477                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                11414                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               142315                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               710656                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1453844                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                14169                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               121725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               713426                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1407726                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles                10642                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles               105781                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               709583                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1452933                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles                16571                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles               156010                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles               704537                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles              1428146                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                10188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles               105050                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               698611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1447163                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles                19727                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles               158995                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles               727294                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1455381                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles                10457                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles               103016                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles               728962                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              1452615                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles                14525                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles               105491                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               713261                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles              1435838                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles                15809                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles                88209                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles               709893                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1425376                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                14554                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles               120274                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               717618                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              1437507                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              57829                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             184739                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              51957                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             177085                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              49733                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             192870                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             52357                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            187055                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             60748                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            169628                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             59484                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            193444                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             54602                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            182956                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             57902                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            175576                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             60447                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            190887                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             56945                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            183195                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             59006                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            187071                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             57189                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles            172328                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles             59997                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            191890                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles             59137                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            177671                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles             57627                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            200968                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles             59948                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles            187171                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               403508                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               331294                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               414955                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               659153                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               394310                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               325600                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               427466                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               666733                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               349526                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               321362                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              444881                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              680520                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              381018                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              334116                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              439816                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              672831                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              419629                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              378147                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              427889                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              661444                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              385318                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              382624                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              427421                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              645971                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              390763                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              342654                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              427173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              673566                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              371634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              387039                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              442036                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              671460                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles              410095                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              346911                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              457950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles              665846                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              406401                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              351935                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              431742                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              655938                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              393461                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles              391633                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles              464810                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              670249                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles              368775                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles              335329                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              432394                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles              672662                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles              426663                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles              368751                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles              426114                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles              677384                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles              408946                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles              406358                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles              438314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles              670211                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles              406951                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles              390449                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles              439781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles              666622                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles              410048                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles              341817                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles              442249                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles              653214                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            31766                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time            90249                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           691367                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1411816                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            34806                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           159033                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           683816                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1437706                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            38388                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           110227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          715654                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1430322                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           39814                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          114345                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          712233                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1400444                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time            8573                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          115431                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          706923                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1422307                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time            9188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time           93983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          712824                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1414477                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           11414                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          142315                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          710656                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1453844                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           14169                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          121725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          713426                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1407726                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time           10642                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time          105781                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          709583                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1452933                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time           16571                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time          156010                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time          704537                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time         1428146                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time           10188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time          105050                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          698611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1447163                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time           19727                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time          158995                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time          727294                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1455381                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time           10457                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time          103016                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time          728962                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         1452615                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time           14525                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time          105491                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          713261                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time         1435838                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time           15809                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time           88209                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time          709893                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1425376                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time           14554                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time          120274                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          717618                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         1437507                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         35472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         35712                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         36192                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        35832                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        35352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        35352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        35520                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        35472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        35592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        35592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time        35352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          184110                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          197428                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          414955                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          659153                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          183198                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          200546                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          427466                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          666733                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          164504                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          196728                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         443241                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         680520                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         179143                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         192176                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         439816                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         672831                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         184207                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         209889                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         427889                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         661444                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         178885                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         207395                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         427421                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         645971                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         181888                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         205622                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         427173                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         673566                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         171091                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         211640                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         442036                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         671460                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time         182039                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         192472                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         457950                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time         665846                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         180511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         212641                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         431742                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         655938                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         178569                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time         208650                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         463782                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         670249                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time         163819                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         204959                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         432394                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time         672662                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time         183472                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time         196658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time         426114                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time         677384                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time         180905                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time         210520                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time         438314                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time         670211                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time         181034                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time         197259                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time         439781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time         666622                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time         179595                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time         204410                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time         442249                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time         653214                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             196758                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             235583                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             728410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1477285                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             197089                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             261012                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             724764                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1495270                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             187512                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             243820                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            746303                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1490410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            194031                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            257210                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            741757                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1469850                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            192680                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            257567                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            737955                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1486444                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            187707                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            256717                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            741944                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1471099                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            191833                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            268396                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            740733                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1505059                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            184525                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            266052                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            742778                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1472542                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            192529                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time            256070                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            738518                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           1500539                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time            194011                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            272469                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time            739391                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           1485123                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time            187928                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time            251592                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            734918                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           1499298                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            180605                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time            269383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time            753541                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           1509415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time            193929                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            256012                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time            750279                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           1508672                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            194602                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time            269905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            743231                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time           1494450                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time            195870                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            255066                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time            739173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           1482213                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time            193802                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time            257123                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            746695                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           1488865                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               828                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              2514                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1534                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1540                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              335                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              401                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              360                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              421                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles              443                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles              521                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles              448                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles              495                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles              477                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles              520                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles              446                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles              527                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles             2843                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658085                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110774393                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110930814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111316709                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657429                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110774388                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110930810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111316705                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657432                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110774394                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110930816                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111316711                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657668                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110774390                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110930812                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111316707                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658439                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110774399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110930821                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111316716                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658392                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110774395                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110930817                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111316712                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658443                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110774411                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110930833                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111316728                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658397                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110774407                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110930829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111316724                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        110658431                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        110774416                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        110930838                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        111316733                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        110658363                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        110774412                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        110930834                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        111316729                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        110658399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        110774408                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        110930830                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        111316725                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        110658403                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        110774414                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        110930836                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        111316731                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        110658447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        110774428                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        110930850                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        111316745                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        110658393                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        110774424                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        110930846                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        111316741                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        110774425                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        110930842                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        111316737                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles        110658389                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles        110774417                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        110930838                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        111316733                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1501379                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1509309                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1754811                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          1482512                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1504275                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1539115                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1747274                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2126646                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1484552                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1535719                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1766812                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2140893                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1497513                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1526107                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1767664                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         1476016                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1505865                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1538950                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1755524                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2125670                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1504333                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1523149                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1755950                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2122909                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1505577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1539632                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1758107                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2138763                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1499390                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1534703                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1752504                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2107555                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         1503716                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         1535349                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         1759763                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2135275                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         1500010                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         1536828                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         1765668                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         2123750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         1506236                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         1519362                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         1755612                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         2138160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         1497159                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         1533425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         1766348                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2143436                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         1504315                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         1532564                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         1758404                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         2135682                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         1500457                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         1538673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         1763060                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles         2142487                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         1499698                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         1518346                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         1756549                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         2129040                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles         1499934                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         1531064                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         1766031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         2132638                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                65                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              327                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               35                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               32                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              327                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0               69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               32                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               65                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0              129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0              131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0              327                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0               33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0              138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               790                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1556                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              814                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              591                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              559                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1456                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1              833                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              533                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              476                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              793                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1446                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1              805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1              482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             1489                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1              494                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1              586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1              852                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              538                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1              469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1              766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1425                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1              538                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              479                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1              468                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              815                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             1474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1              592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              516                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1              813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1             1482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               396                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               987                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2472                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2               950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              449                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2737                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2              943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              435                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2              937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             2684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2              841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2              911                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2              306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              849                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             2176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2              797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2              325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              782                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             2511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2              387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2              918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             2288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2              250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2              805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             2075                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2              326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              789                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2             2255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2              856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             2257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2              401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2              995                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2             2513                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           11629                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           27265                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          173732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          514860                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           11232                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           55801                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          186025                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          509430                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           17374                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           33766                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         202302                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         536032                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          10330                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          44029                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         190069                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         510554                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          17750                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          38870                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         164222                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         545438                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          12291                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          41256                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         198801                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         514861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles          10778                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          55069                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         205782                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         528982                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles          13773                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          54850                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         175151                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         507844                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles          23534                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles          45401                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles         156400                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles         533976                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles          12288                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles          53286                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles         197140                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles         497908                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles          12176                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          40165                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles         201019                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles         528824                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles          14888                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles          51638                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles         201028                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles         535597                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles          16592                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles          52564                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles         188051                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles         509443                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles          11901                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          55696                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles         188909                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles         519959                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles          11595                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles          46886                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles         168010                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles         502202                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles          13118                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles          42205                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles         202468                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles         524979                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      196628     25.37%     25.37% |      192900     24.89%     50.26% |      192916     24.89%     75.15% |      192593     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       775037                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119559     25.56%     25.56% |      116088     24.82%     50.37% |      116091     24.82%     75.19% |      116066     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       467804                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      196651     25.37%     25.37% |      192900     24.89%     50.26% |      192916     24.89%     75.15% |      192593     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       775060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125450     25.53%     25.53% |      121991     24.82%     50.35% |      121994     24.83%     75.18% |      121969     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       491404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       68876     25.09%     25.09% |       68620     25.00%     50.10% |       68633     25.01%     75.10% |       68335     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       274464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      196628     25.37%     25.37% |      192900     24.89%     50.26% |      192916     24.89%     75.15% |      192593     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       775037                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119315     25.55%     25.55% |      115911     24.82%     50.37% |      115914     24.82%     75.19% |      115889     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       467029                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       68876     25.09%     25.09% |       68620     25.00%     50.10% |       68633     25.01%     75.10% |       68335     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       274464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      196627     25.37%     25.37% |      192900     24.89%     50.26% |      192916     24.89%     75.15% |      192593     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       775036                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119315     25.55%     25.55% |      115911     24.82%     50.37% |      115914     24.82%     75.19% |      115889     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       467029                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3684353     92.53%     92.53% |          48      0.00%     92.53% |       18592      0.47%     93.00% |       18592      0.47%     93.46% |       18592      0.47%     93.93% |       18593      0.47%     94.40% |       18592      0.47%     94.86% |       18592      0.47%     95.33% |       18592      0.47%     95.80% |       18592      0.47%     96.26% |       18592      0.47%     96.73% |       18592      0.47%     97.20% |       18593      0.47%     97.67% |       18592      0.47%     98.13% |       18592      0.47%     98.60% |       18592      0.47%     99.07% |       18592      0.47%     99.53% |       18592      0.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3981875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3841063    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3841063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7740826     96.87%     96.87% |           0      0.00%     96.87% |       15605      0.20%     97.07% |       15612      0.20%     97.26% |       15612      0.20%     97.46% |       15611      0.20%     97.66% |       15608      0.20%     97.85% |       15613      0.20%     98.05% |       15613      0.20%     98.24% |       15612      0.20%     98.44% |       15613      0.20%     98.63% |       15611      0.20%     98.83% |       15613      0.20%     99.02% |       15613      0.20%     99.22% |       15612      0.20%     99.41% |       15611      0.20%     99.61% |       15613      0.20%     99.80% |       15612      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      7990610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15462     90.96%     90.96% |          48      0.28%     91.25% |         214      1.26%     92.51% |          52      0.31%     92.81% |         119      0.70%     93.51% |         140      0.82%     94.33% |          57      0.34%     94.67% |         117      0.69%     95.36% |          79      0.46%     95.82% |         158      0.93%     96.75% |          65      0.38%     97.13% |          49      0.29%     97.42% |          24      0.14%     97.56% |          15      0.09%     97.65% |          88      0.52%     98.17% |         112      0.66%     98.83% |          72      0.42%     99.25% |         127      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        16998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630997     54.13%     54.13% |           0      0.00%     54.13% |       33386      2.86%     56.99% |       33416      2.87%     59.86% |       33438      2.87%     62.73% |       33438      2.87%     65.60% |       33409      2.87%     68.46% |       33437      2.87%     71.33% |       33444      2.87%     74.20% |       33441      2.87%     77.07% |       33435      2.87%     79.94% |       33405      2.87%     82.80% |       33372      2.86%     85.66% |       33443      2.87%     88.53% |       33382      2.86%     91.40% |       33422      2.87%     94.26% |       33443      2.87%     97.13% |       33423      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1165731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.85%      3.85% |           6     11.54%     15.38% |           3      5.77%     21.15% |           1      1.92%     23.08% |           4      7.69%     30.77% |           2      3.85%     34.62% |           5      9.62%     44.23% |           1      1.92%     46.15% |           1      1.92%     48.08% |           4      7.69%     55.77% |           6     11.54%     67.31% |           2      3.85%     71.15% |           1      1.92%     73.08% |           3      5.77%     78.85% |           6     11.54%     90.38% |           5      9.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     60.00%     60.00% |           2      1.48%     61.48% |           1      0.74%     62.22% |           7      5.19%     67.41% |           2      1.48%     68.89% |           3      2.22%     71.11% |           5      3.70%     74.81% |           4      2.96%     77.78% |           5      3.70%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           3      2.22%     83.70% |           3      2.22%     85.93% |           2      1.48%     87.41% |           1      0.74%     88.15% |           1      0.74%     88.89% |           1      0.74%     89.63% |           4      2.96%     92.59% |          10      7.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169957     36.59%     36.59% |          40      0.01%     36.60% |       18371      3.96%     40.56% |       18413      3.96%     44.52% |       18414      3.96%     48.48% |       18419      3.97%     52.45% |       18392      3.96%     56.41% |       18415      3.96%     60.37% |       18429      3.97%     64.34% |       18436      3.97%     68.31% |       18415      3.96%     72.28% |       18389      3.96%     76.24% |       18351      3.95%     80.19% |       18432      3.97%     84.15% |       18365      3.95%     88.11% |       18407      3.96%     92.07% |       18432      3.97%     96.04% |       18393      3.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.48%      1.48% |           8      5.93%      7.41% |           6      4.44%     11.85% |           1      0.74%     12.59% |           3      2.22%     14.81% |          13      9.63%     24.44% |           6      4.44%     28.89% |          18     13.33%     42.22% |           3      2.22%     44.44% |           3      2.22%     46.67% |          11      8.15%     54.81% |          11      8.15%     62.96% |          12      8.89%     71.85% |           3      2.22%     74.07% |          15     11.11%     85.19% |          12      8.89%     94.07% |           4      2.96%     97.04% |           4      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464288     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       15518      2.18%     67.33% |       15514      2.18%     69.51% |       15523      2.18%     71.69% |       15517      2.18%     73.87% |       15515      2.18%     76.05% |       15516      2.18%     78.22% |       15521      2.18%     80.40% |       15514      2.18%     82.58% |       15518      2.18%     84.76% |       15517      2.18%     86.93% |       15520      2.18%     89.11% |       15519      2.18%     91.29% |       15512      2.18%     93.47% |       15515      2.18%     95.64% |       15519      2.18%     97.82% |       15524      2.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506212     48.70%     48.70% |           0      0.00%     48.70% |       33171      3.19%     51.89% |       33358      3.21%     55.10% |       33306      3.20%     58.31% |       33296      3.20%     61.51% |       33339      3.21%     64.72% |       33317      3.21%     67.93% |       33356      3.21%     71.13% |       33282      3.20%     74.34% |       33371      3.21%     77.55% |       33352      3.21%     80.76% |       33341      3.21%     83.96% |       33425      3.22%     87.18% |       33290      3.20%     90.38% |       33313      3.21%     93.59% |       33368      3.21%     96.80% |       33277      3.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1039374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170811     36.70%     36.70% |          23      0.00%     36.70% |       18372      3.95%     40.65% |       18415      3.96%     44.61% |       18418      3.96%     48.56% |       18432      3.96%     52.53% |       18399      3.95%     56.48% |       18434      3.96%     60.44% |       18433      3.96%     64.40% |       18439      3.96%     68.36% |       18426      3.96%     72.32% |       18401      3.95%     76.27% |       18364      3.95%     80.22% |       18435      3.96%     84.18% |       18381      3.95%     88.13% |       18419      3.96%     92.09% |       18436      3.96%     96.05% |       18399      3.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       15516      2.65%     60.32% |       15513      2.64%     62.96% |       15522      2.65%     65.61% |       15517      2.65%     68.25% |       15514      2.65%     70.90% |       15515      2.65%     73.54% |       15520      2.65%     76.19% |       15514      2.65%     78.83% |       15518      2.65%     81.48% |       15516      2.65%     84.13% |       15519      2.65%     86.77% |       15519      2.65%     89.42% |       15511      2.64%     92.06% |       15515      2.65%     94.71% |       15519      2.65%     97.35% |       15522      2.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.39%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           9      0.08%     98.47% |           9      0.08%     98.55% |           5      0.04%     98.59% |          16      0.14%     98.73% |          11      0.10%     98.83% |          22      0.19%     99.02% |           8      0.07%     99.09% |           3      0.03%     99.12% |          14      0.12%     99.24% |          15      0.13%     99.37% |          15      0.13%     99.50% |           4      0.03%     99.54% |          16      0.14%     99.68% |          13      0.11%     99.79% |           8      0.07%     99.86% |          16      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1050     97.04%     97.04% |          25      2.31%     99.35% |           7      0.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1398    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         832     38.47%     38.47% |           0      0.00%     38.47% |         196      9.06%     47.53% |          49      2.27%     49.79% |         116      5.36%     55.15% |         125      5.78%     60.93% |          50      2.31%     63.25% |          97      4.48%     67.73% |          76      3.51%     71.24% |         156      7.21%     78.46% |          47      2.17%     80.63% |          38      1.76%     82.39% |          15      0.69%     83.08% |          13      0.60%     83.68% |          73      3.37%     87.06% |          96      4.44%     91.49% |          68      3.14%     94.64% |         116      5.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         2163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           4      0.02%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           4      0.02%     99.91% |           5      0.02%     99.93% |           6      0.03%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           6      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3716916    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3716916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2313     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           9      0.01%     99.86% |           9      0.01%     99.86% |           6      0.00%     99.87% |          16      0.01%     99.88% |          12      0.01%     99.89% |          23      0.02%     99.91% |           9      0.01%     99.92% |           3      0.00%     99.92% |          14      0.01%     99.93% |          15      0.01%     99.94% |          15      0.01%     99.95% |           4      0.00%     99.96% |          17      0.01%     99.97% |          13      0.01%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1642306     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |         169      0.01%     99.86% |         161      0.01%     99.87% |         159      0.01%     99.88% |         156      0.01%     99.89% |         163      0.01%     99.90% |         154      0.01%     99.91% |         159      0.01%     99.92% |         153      0.01%     99.92% |         162      0.01%     99.93% |         151      0.01%     99.94% |         148      0.01%     99.95% |         157      0.01%     99.96% |         154      0.01%     99.97% |         151      0.01%     99.98% |         156      0.01%     99.99% |         155      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1644814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29116    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1704     71.63%     71.63% |          38      1.60%     73.22% |          37      1.56%     74.78% |          12      0.50%     75.28% |          95      3.99%     79.28% |          70      2.94%     82.22% |          18      0.76%     82.98% |          84      3.53%     86.51% |          25      1.05%     87.56% |          30      1.26%     88.82% |           9      0.38%     89.20% |           1      0.04%     89.24% |           0      0.00%     89.24% |           0      0.00%     89.24% |          60      2.52%     91.76% |          69      2.90%     94.66% |          54      2.27%     96.93% |          73      3.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139044     32.37%     32.37% |           0      0.00%     32.37% |       18110      4.22%     36.58% |       18150      4.23%     40.81% |       18124      4.22%     45.03% |       18171      4.23%     49.26% |       18160      4.23%     53.49% |       18117      4.22%     57.70% |       18164      4.23%     61.93% |       18195      4.24%     66.17% |       18209      4.24%     70.41% |       18191      4.23%     74.64% |       18125      4.22%     78.86% |       18256      4.25%     83.11% |       18095      4.21%     87.32% |       18162      4.23%     91.55% |       18184      4.23%     95.78% |       18116      4.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       429573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           1      2.08%      6.25% |           7     14.58%     20.83% |           1      2.08%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           4      8.33%     37.50% |           3      6.25%     43.75% |           4      8.33%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           3      6.25%     58.33% |           3      6.25%     64.58% |           2      4.17%     68.75% |           1      2.08%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           1      2.08%     72.92% |           3      6.25%     79.17% |          10     20.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1848316     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          43      0.00%     99.98% |          16      0.00%     99.99% |          15      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          30      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          35      0.00%     99.99% |          74      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1848638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7373267     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          89      0.00%     99.98% |          99      0.00%     99.98% |          89      0.00%     99.98% |          93      0.00%     99.98% |          94      0.00%     99.99% |          98      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%     99.99% |          98      0.00%     99.99% |          95      0.00%     99.99% |          95      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%     99.99% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7374776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178     21.52%     21.52% |           0      0.00%     21.52% |         164     19.83%     41.35% |          31      3.75%     45.10% |          18      2.18%     47.28% |          54      6.53%     53.81% |          28      3.39%     57.19% |          11      1.33%     58.52% |          46      5.56%     64.09% |         125     15.11%     79.20% |          37      4.47%     83.68% |          33      3.99%     87.67% |           9      1.09%     88.75% |          11      1.33%     90.08% |          12      1.45%     91.54% |          24      2.90%     94.44% |           8      0.97%     95.41% |          38      4.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367168     60.21%     60.21% |           0      0.00%     60.21% |       15061      2.47%     62.68% |       15208      2.49%     65.17% |       15182      2.49%     67.66% |       15125      2.48%     70.14% |       15179      2.49%     72.63% |       15200      2.49%     75.13% |       15192      2.49%     77.62% |       15087      2.47%     80.09% |       15162      2.49%     82.58% |       15161      2.49%     85.06% |       15216      2.50%     87.56% |       15169      2.49%     90.05% |       15195      2.49%     92.54% |       15151      2.48%     95.02% |       15184      2.49%     97.51% |       15161      2.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       609801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.85%      3.85% |           6     11.54%     15.38% |           3      5.77%     21.15% |           1      1.92%     23.08% |           4      7.69%     30.77% |           2      3.85%     34.62% |           5      9.62%     44.23% |           1      1.92%     46.15% |           1      1.92%     48.08% |           4      7.69%     55.77% |           6     11.54%     67.31% |           2      3.85%     71.15% |           1      1.92%     73.08% |           3      5.77%     78.85% |           6     11.54%     90.38% |           5      9.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81     94.19%     94.19% |           0      0.00%     94.19% |           0      0.00%     94.19% |           0      0.00%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           1      1.16%     97.67% |           1      1.16%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           0      0.00%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251     83.11%     83.11% |           0      0.00%     83.11% |          10      3.31%     86.42% |           0      0.00%     86.42% |          10      3.31%     89.74% |           1      0.33%     90.07% |           8      2.65%     92.72% |           0      0.00%     92.72% |           3      0.99%     93.71% |           0      0.00%     93.71% |           2      0.66%     94.37% |           0      0.00%     94.37% |           0      0.00%     94.37% |           1      0.33%     94.70% |           2      0.66%     95.36% |           0      0.00%     95.36% |           0      0.00%     95.36% |          14      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169957     36.59%     36.59% |          40      0.01%     36.60% |       18371      3.96%     40.56% |       18413      3.96%     44.52% |       18414      3.96%     48.48% |       18419      3.97%     52.45% |       18392      3.96%     56.41% |       18415      3.96%     60.37% |       18429      3.97%     64.34% |       18436      3.97%     68.31% |       18415      3.96%     72.28% |       18389      3.96%     76.24% |       18351      3.95%     80.19% |       18432      3.97%     84.15% |       18365      3.95%     88.11% |       18407      3.96%     92.07% |       18432      3.97%     96.04% |       18393      3.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.48%      1.48% |           8      5.93%      7.41% |           6      4.44%     11.85% |           1      0.74%     12.59% |           3      2.22%     14.81% |          13      9.63%     24.44% |           6      4.44%     28.89% |          18     13.33%     42.22% |           3      2.22%     44.44% |           3      2.22%     46.67% |          11      8.15%     54.81% |          11      8.15%     62.96% |          12      8.89%     71.85% |           3      2.22%     74.07% |          15     11.11%     85.19% |          12      8.89%     94.07% |           4      2.96%     97.04% |           4      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125991     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338297     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       15516      2.65%     60.32% |       15513      2.64%     62.96% |       15522      2.65%     65.61% |       15517      2.65%     68.26% |       15514      2.64%     70.90% |       15515      2.65%     73.55% |       15520      2.65%     76.19% |       15514      2.64%     78.84% |       15518      2.65%     81.48% |       15516      2.65%     84.13% |       15519      2.65%     86.77% |       15519      2.65%     89.42% |       15511      2.64%     92.06% |       15515      2.65%     94.71% |       15519      2.65%     97.35% |       15522      2.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1276     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.08%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         123     96.09%     96.09% |           0      0.00%     96.09% |           0      0.00%     96.09% |           0      0.00%     96.09% |           1      0.78%     96.88% |           1      0.78%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |           1      0.78%     98.44% |           1      0.78%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           1      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           5     27.78%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           6     33.33%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506212     48.70%     48.70% |           0      0.00%     48.70% |       33167      3.19%     51.90% |       33358      3.21%     55.11% |       33305      3.20%     58.31% |       33296      3.20%     61.51% |       33339      3.21%     64.72% |       33317      3.21%     67.93% |       33356      3.21%     71.14% |       33282      3.20%     74.34% |       33366      3.21%     77.55% |       33352      3.21%     80.76% |       33341      3.21%     83.96% |       33425      3.22%     87.18% |       33290      3.20%     90.38% |       33307      3.20%     93.59% |       33365      3.21%     96.80% |       33277      3.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1039355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           0      0.00%     21.05% |           1      5.26%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           5     26.32%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           6     31.58%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3864      3.11%      3.11% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3572      2.88%     14.73% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3964      3.19%     33.86% |        3819      3.08%     36.94% |        3562      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3867      3.12%     46.41% |        3739      3.01%     49.42% |        4115      3.32%     52.73% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3383      2.73%     61.76% |        3062      2.47%     64.23% |        3702      2.98%     67.21% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.62% |        3243      2.61%     81.23% |        4615      3.72%     84.95% |        3976      3.20%     88.16% |        5208      4.20%     92.35% |        5076      4.09%     96.44% |        4418      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55087     11.80%     11.80% |       13889      2.98%     14.78% |       12694      2.72%     17.50% |       13620      2.92%     20.42% |       12816      2.75%     23.17% |       12692      2.72%     25.89% |       12297      2.64%     28.52% |       12554      2.69%     31.21% |       12946      2.77%     33.99% |       12824      2.75%     36.73% |       14967      3.21%     39.94% |       13299      2.85%     42.79% |       12861      2.76%     45.55% |       12825      2.75%     48.29% |       12199      2.61%     50.91% |       12577      2.70%     53.60% |       13683      2.93%     56.54% |       12728      2.73%     59.26% |       13119      2.81%     62.07% |       13143      2.82%     64.89% |       13657      2.93%     67.82% |       16813      3.60%     71.42% |       12786      2.74%     74.16% |       12924      2.77%     76.93% |       12864      2.76%     79.69% |       13004      2.79%     82.47% |       12534      2.69%     85.16% |       12249      2.62%     87.78% |       13266      2.84%     90.63% |       12624      2.71%     93.33% |       13621      2.92%     96.25% |       17499      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466661                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22437      3.82%      3.82% |       18991      3.24%      7.06% |       16803      2.86%      9.93% |       18820      3.21%     13.13% |       16981      2.89%     16.03% |       17076      2.91%     18.94% |       16832      2.87%     21.81% |       17155      2.92%     24.73% |       17473      2.98%     27.71% |       17181      2.93%     30.64% |       17606      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      2.99%     36.64% |       17681      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.61% |       17853      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18479      3.15%     64.00% |       20240      3.45%     67.45% |       18481      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18419      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18651      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19434      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20539      3.50%     96.48% |       20643      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75444      7.26%      7.26% |       32503      3.13%     10.39% |       29123      2.80%     13.19% |       32019      3.08%     16.27% |       29421      2.83%     19.10% |       29318      2.82%     21.92% |       28738      2.76%     24.69% |       29333      2.82%     27.51% |       30034      2.89%     30.40% |       29635      2.85%     33.25% |       32164      3.09%     36.34% |       30509      2.94%     39.28% |       30167      2.90%     42.18% |       29941      2.88%     45.06% |       29239      2.81%     47.87% |       29839      2.87%     50.75% |       31129      3.00%     53.74% |       29961      2.88%     56.62% |       30605      2.94%     59.57% |       31269      3.01%     62.58% |       31743      3.05%     65.63% |       36623      3.52%     69.15% |       30904      2.97%     72.13% |       30890      2.97%     75.10% |       30904      2.97%     78.07% |       30883      2.97%     81.04% |       30816      2.96%     84.01% |       30514      2.94%     86.94% |       32330      3.11%     90.06% |       31795      3.06%     93.11% |       33796      3.25%     96.37% |       37768      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1039357                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           1      3.85%     11.54% |           1      3.85%     15.38% |           1      3.85%     19.23% |           0      0.00%     19.23% |           0      0.00%     19.23% |           1      3.85%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2      7.69%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           1      3.85%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           2      7.69%     50.00% |           1      3.85%     53.85% |           2      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           2      7.69%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17820      3.82%      3.82% |       14448      3.10%      6.92% |       14462      3.10%     10.02% |       14449      3.10%     13.12% |       14433      3.10%     16.22% |       14448      3.10%     19.31% |       14458      3.10%     22.42% |       14458      3.10%     25.52% |       14466      3.10%     28.62% |       14478      3.11%     31.72% |       14470      3.10%     34.83% |       14465      3.10%     37.93% |       14446      3.10%     41.03% |       14458      3.10%     44.13% |       14453      3.10%     47.23% |       14452      3.10%     50.33% |       14522      3.11%     53.44% |       14474      3.10%     56.55% |       14480      3.11%     59.65% |       14476      3.10%     62.76% |       14470      3.10%     65.86% |       14487      3.11%     68.97% |       14477      3.10%     72.07% |       14479      3.11%     75.18% |       14489      3.11%     78.28% |       14487      3.11%     81.39% |       14471      3.10%     84.50% |       14468      3.10%     87.60% |       14466      3.10%     90.70% |       14447      3.10%     93.80% |       14459      3.10%     96.90% |       14454      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       466270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8855      3.22%      3.22% |        8646      3.14%      6.36% |        8656      3.15%      9.50% |        8597      3.12%     12.63% |        8580      3.12%     15.74% |        8551      3.11%     18.85% |        8562      3.11%     21.96% |        8575      3.12%     25.08% |        8587      3.12%     28.20% |        8619      3.13%     31.33% |        8656      3.15%     34.48% |        8598      3.12%     37.60% |        8629      3.14%     40.73% |        8590      3.12%     43.86% |        8629      3.14%     46.99% |        8555      3.11%     50.10% |        8698      3.16%     53.26% |        8587      3.12%     56.38% |        8589      3.12%     59.50% |        8551      3.11%     62.61% |        8565      3.11%     65.72% |        8591      3.12%     68.84% |        8568      3.11%     71.95% |        8538      3.10%     75.06% |        8584      3.12%     78.17% |        8623      3.13%     81.31% |        8599      3.12%     84.43% |        8543      3.10%     87.54% |        8582      3.12%     90.65% |        8597      3.12%     93.78% |        8558      3.11%     96.89% |        8566      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       275224                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27789      3.59%      3.59% |       24141      3.11%      6.70% |       24165      3.12%      9.82% |       24093      3.11%     12.93% |       24059      3.10%     16.03% |       24045      3.10%     19.13% |       24066      3.11%     22.24% |       24079      3.11%     25.35% |       24099      3.11%     28.45% |       24143      3.12%     31.57% |       24172      3.12%     34.69% |       24109      3.11%     37.80% |       24121      3.11%     40.91% |       24094      3.11%     44.02% |       24128      3.11%     47.13% |       24053      3.10%     50.24% |       24266      3.13%     53.37% |       24107      3.11%     56.48% |       24115      3.11%     59.59% |       24073      3.11%     62.70% |       24080      3.11%     65.80% |       24124      3.11%     68.92% |       24091      3.11%     72.02% |       24063      3.10%     75.13% |       24119      3.11%     78.24% |       24156      3.12%     81.36% |       24116      3.11%     84.47% |       24057      3.10%     87.57% |       24094      3.11%     90.68% |       24090      3.11%     93.79% |       24063      3.10%     96.89% |       24066      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       775036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26765      3.61%      3.61% |       23117      3.11%      6.72% |       23141      3.12%      9.84% |       23069      3.11%     12.95% |       23035      3.10%     16.05% |       23021      3.10%     19.15% |       23042      3.10%     22.25% |       23055      3.11%     25.36% |       23075      3.11%     28.47% |       23119      3.11%     31.58% |       23148      3.12%     34.70% |       23085      3.11%     37.81% |       23097      3.11%     40.92% |       23070      3.11%     44.03% |       23104      3.11%     47.15% |       23029      3.10%     50.25% |       23242      3.13%     53.38% |       23083      3.11%     56.49% |       23091      3.11%     59.60% |       23049      3.11%     62.70% |       23056      3.11%     65.81% |       23100      3.11%     68.92% |       23067      3.11%     72.03% |       23039      3.10%     75.13% |       23095      3.11%     78.25% |       23132      3.12%     81.36% |       23092      3.11%     84.47% |       23033      3.10%     87.58% |       23070      3.11%     90.68% |       23066      3.11%     93.79% |       23039      3.10%     96.90% |       23042      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       742268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          85      9.17%      9.17% |          27      2.91%     12.08% |          31      3.34%     15.43% |          33      3.56%     18.99% |          27      2.91%     21.90% |          27      2.91%     24.81% |          28      3.02%     27.83% |          26      2.80%     30.64% |          32      3.45%     34.09% |          27      2.91%     37.00% |          31      3.34%     40.35% |          29      3.13%     43.47% |          32      3.45%     46.93% |          28      3.02%     49.95% |          26      2.80%     52.75% |          24      2.59%     55.34% |          29      3.13%     58.47% |          20      2.16%     60.63% |          25      2.70%     63.32% |          26      2.80%     66.13% |          34      3.67%     69.80% |          35      3.78%     73.57% |          23      2.48%     76.05% |          23      2.48%     78.53% |          25      2.70%     81.23% |          21      2.27%     83.50% |          26      2.80%     86.30% |          28      3.02%     89.32% |          26      2.80%     92.13% |          24      2.59%     94.71% |          25      2.70%     97.41% |          24      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          13     24.53%     24.53% |           1      1.89%     26.42% |           1      1.89%     28.30% |          15     28.30%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           0      0.00%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           0      0.00%     58.49% |           0      0.00%     58.49% |           0      0.00%     58.49% |           6     11.32%     69.81% |           0      0.00%     69.81% |           0      0.00%     69.81% |          14     26.42%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           2      3.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          16     11.59%     11.59% |           2      1.45%     13.04% |           1      0.72%     13.77% |          21     15.22%     28.99% |           3      2.17%     31.16% |           3      2.17%     33.33% |           4      2.90%     36.23% |           3      2.17%     38.41% |           5      3.62%     42.03% |           3      2.17%     44.20% |           2      1.45%     45.65% |           2      1.45%     47.10% |           3      2.17%     49.28% |           3      2.17%     51.45% |           4      2.90%     54.35% |           3      2.17%     56.52% |          13      9.42%     65.94% |           1      0.72%     66.67% |           2      1.45%     68.12% |          14     10.14%     78.26% |           1      0.72%     78.99% |           0      0.00%     78.99% |           1      0.72%     79.71% |           2      1.45%     81.16% |           3      2.17%     83.33% |           5      3.62%     86.96% |           4      2.90%     89.86% |           5      3.62%     93.48% |           3      2.17%     95.65% |           2      1.45%     97.10% |           2      1.45%     98.55% |           2      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         552      3.45%      3.45% |         494      3.08%      6.53% |         481      3.00%      9.54% |         486      3.04%     12.57% |         482      3.01%     15.58% |         476      2.97%     18.55% |         494      3.08%     21.64% |         492      3.07%     24.71% |         483      3.02%     27.73% |         485      3.03%     30.76% |         539      3.37%     34.12% |         507      3.17%     37.29% |         525      3.28%     40.57% |         506      3.16%     43.73% |         522      3.26%     46.99% |         509      3.18%     50.17% |         529      3.30%     53.47% |         514      3.21%     56.68% |         502      3.13%     59.81% |         486      3.04%     62.85% |         464      2.90%     65.75% |         510      3.18%     68.93% |         480      3.00%     71.93% |         474      2.96%     74.89% |         511      3.19%     78.08% |         533      3.33%     81.41% |         517      3.23%     84.64% |         484      3.02%     87.66% |         494      3.08%     90.75% |         503      3.14%     93.89% |         496      3.10%     96.98% |         483      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        16013                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          14     10.37%     10.37% |           2      1.48%     11.85% |           1      0.74%     12.59% |          18     13.33%     25.93% |           3      2.22%     28.15% |           3      2.22%     30.37% |           4      2.96%     33.33% |           3      2.22%     35.56% |           5      3.70%     39.26% |           3      2.22%     41.48% |           2      1.48%     42.96% |           2      1.48%     44.44% |           3      2.22%     46.67% |           3      2.22%     48.89% |           4      2.96%     51.85% |           3      2.22%     54.07% |          13      9.63%     63.70% |           1      0.74%     64.44% |           2      1.48%     65.93% |          14     10.37%     76.30% |           1      0.74%     77.04% |           0      0.00%     77.04% |           1      0.74%     77.78% |           2      1.48%     79.26% |           3      2.22%     81.48% |           5      3.70%     85.19% |           4      2.96%     88.15% |           7      5.19%     93.33% |           3      2.22%     95.56% |           2      1.48%     97.04% |           2      1.48%     98.52% |           2      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75931      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29481      2.80%     13.16% |       32393      3.08%     16.24% |       29774      2.83%     19.07% |       29674      2.82%     21.89% |       29095      2.77%     24.66% |       29692      2.82%     27.49% |       30398      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32547      3.10%     36.33% |       30862      2.94%     39.27% |       30530      2.90%     42.17% |       30301      2.88%     45.05% |       29594      2.82%     47.87% |       30189      2.87%     50.74% |       31505      3.00%     53.74% |       30313      2.88%     56.62% |       30954      2.95%     59.57% |       31637      3.01%     62.58% |       32115      3.06%     65.63% |       37024      3.52%     69.16% |       31261      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.10% |       31265      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31178      2.97%     84.02% |       30881      2.94%     86.95% |       32692      3.11%     90.06% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34152      3.25%     96.37% |       38127      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         444      3.29%      3.29% |         421      3.12%      6.41% |         415      3.07%      9.48% |         404      2.99%     12.47% |         411      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.49% |         414      3.07%     21.56% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         416      3.08%     30.74% |         444      3.29%     34.03% |         437      3.24%     37.27% |         451      3.34%     40.61% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         448      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         449      3.33%     53.68% |         440      3.26%     56.94% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         406      3.01%     63.16% |         386      2.86%     66.02% |         408      3.02%     69.04% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.93%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         426      3.16%     93.87% |         425      3.15%     97.01% |         403      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13500                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12346      4.33%      4.33% |        8850      3.10%      7.43% |        8873      3.11%     10.54% |        8809      3.09%     13.63% |        8779      3.08%     16.71% |        8767      3.07%     19.78% |        8770      3.08%     22.86% |        8792      3.08%     25.94% |        8811      3.09%     29.03% |        8843      3.10%     32.13% |        8861      3.11%     35.24% |        8784      3.08%     38.32% |        8796      3.08%     41.40% |        8788      3.08%     44.48% |        8807      3.09%     47.57% |        8745      3.07%     50.64% |        8893      3.12%     53.76% |        8783      3.08%     56.84% |        8797      3.08%     59.92% |        8781      3.08%     63.00% |        8792      3.08%     66.08% |        8808      3.09%     69.17% |        8812      3.09%     72.26% |        8781      3.08%     75.34% |        8795      3.08%     78.42% |        8821      3.09%     81.52% |        8792      3.08%     84.60% |        8777      3.08%     87.68% |        8805      3.09%     90.76% |        8791      3.08%     93.85% |        8755      3.07%     96.92% |        8793      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       285197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14999      3.15%      3.15% |       14870      3.12%      6.27% |       14877      3.12%      9.39% |       14880      3.12%     12.52% |       14869      3.12%     15.64% |       14877      3.12%     18.76% |       14882      3.12%     21.89% |       14870      3.12%     25.01% |       14881      3.12%     28.13% |       14884      3.12%     31.26% |       14867      3.12%     34.38% |       14888      3.13%     37.50% |       14874      3.12%     40.63% |       14878      3.12%     43.75% |       14873      3.12%     46.87% |       14868      3.12%     49.99% |       14924      3.13%     53.13% |       14884      3.12%     56.25% |       14884      3.12%     59.38% |       14886      3.13%     62.50% |       14903      3.13%     65.63% |       14908      3.13%     68.76% |       14875      3.12%     71.88% |       14887      3.13%     75.01% |       14897      3.13%     78.13% |       14888      3.13%     81.26% |       14888      3.13%     84.39% |       14879      3.12%     87.51% |       14874      3.12%     90.63% |       14873      3.12%     93.75% |       14883      3.12%     96.88% |       14870      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476340                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1563     81.83%     81.83% |          12      0.63%     82.46% |          13      0.68%     83.14% |          24      1.26%     84.40% |          13      0.68%     85.08% |          82      4.29%     89.37% |          22      1.15%     90.52% |           8      0.42%     90.94% |           7      0.37%     91.31% |           0      0.00%     91.31% |          15      0.79%     92.09% |           3      0.16%     92.25% |           3      0.16%     92.41% |           3      0.16%     92.57% |          20      1.05%     93.61% |           2      0.10%     93.72% |          10      0.52%     94.24% |           5      0.26%     94.50% |          65      3.40%     97.91% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.80% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1910                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           8      6.45%      6.45% |           3      2.42%      8.87% |           2      1.61%     10.48% |          10      8.06%     18.55% |           3      2.42%     20.97% |           5      4.03%     25.00% |           6      4.84%     29.84% |           3      2.42%     32.26% |           5      4.03%     36.29% |           3      2.42%     38.71% |           2      1.61%     40.32% |           2      1.61%     41.94% |           4      3.23%     45.16% |           3      2.42%     47.58% |           5      4.03%     51.61% |           3      2.42%     54.03% |          13     10.48%     64.52% |           1      0.81%     65.32% |           3      2.42%     67.74% |           6      4.84%     72.58% |           1      0.81%     73.39% |           0      0.00%     73.39% |           1      0.81%     74.19% |           2      1.61%     75.81% |           4      3.23%     79.03% |           5      4.03%     83.06% |           5      4.03%     87.10% |           6      4.84%     91.94% |           3      2.42%     94.35% |           2      1.61%     95.97% |           2      1.61%     97.58% |           3      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         452      3.35%      3.35% |         421      3.12%      6.46% |         412      3.05%      9.51% |         412      3.05%     12.56% |         412      3.05%     15.61% |         402      2.98%     18.59% |         417      3.09%     21.67% |         416      3.08%     24.75% |         407      3.01%     27.76% |         414      3.06%     30.83% |         445      3.29%     34.12% |         438      3.24%     37.36% |         449      3.32%     40.69% |         428      3.17%     43.86% |         448      3.32%     47.17% |         438      3.24%     50.41% |         448      3.32%     53.73% |         439      3.25%     56.98% |         432      3.20%     60.18% |         410      3.03%     63.21% |         385      2.85%     66.06% |         406      3.01%     69.07% |         404      2.99%     72.06% |         398      2.95%     75.00% |         430      3.18%     78.19% |         449      3.32%     81.51% |         436      3.23%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.06%     90.75% |         424      3.14%     93.89% |         422      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13510                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41155     22.96%     22.96% |        5022      2.80%     25.76% |        3805      2.12%     27.88% |        4766      2.66%     30.54% |        4017      2.24%     32.78% |        3834      2.14%     34.92% |        3496      1.95%     36.87% |        3747      2.09%     38.96% |        4118      2.30%     41.26% |        3969      2.21%     43.47% |        6080      3.39%     46.86% |        4508      2.51%     49.37% |        4055      2.26%     51.64% |        4025      2.25%     53.88% |        3362      1.88%     55.76% |        3825      2.13%     57.89% |        4762      2.66%     60.55% |        3937      2.20%     62.74% |        4254      2.37%     65.12% |        4344      2.42%     67.54% |        4860      2.71%     70.25% |        7982      4.45%     74.70% |        3968      2.21%     76.92% |        4135      2.31%     79.22% |        4055      2.26%     81.48% |        4168      2.32%     83.81% |        3733      2.08%     85.89% |        3457      1.93%     87.82% |        4456      2.49%     90.31% |        3828      2.14%     92.44% |        4860      2.71%     95.15% |        8692      4.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       179275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7392      6.71%      6.71% |        4113      3.73%     10.44% |        1924      1.75%     12.19% |        3935      3.57%     15.76% |        2109      1.91%     17.68% |        2196      1.99%     19.67% |        1947      1.77%     21.44% |        2283      2.07%     23.51% |        2587      2.35%     25.86% |        2295      2.08%     27.94% |        2739      2.49%     30.43% |        2681      2.43%     32.87% |        2801      2.54%     35.41% |        2610      2.37%     37.78% |        2550      2.32%     40.09% |        2751      2.50%     42.59% |        2911      2.64%     45.23% |        2707      2.46%     47.69% |        3006      2.73%     50.42% |        3623      3.29%     53.71% |        3560      3.23%     56.94% |        5326      4.84%     61.78% |        3606      3.27%     65.05% |        3443      3.13%     68.18% |        3517      3.19%     71.37% |        3364      3.05%     74.42% |        3762      3.42%     77.84% |        3764      3.42%     81.26% |        4557      4.14%     85.39% |        4664      4.23%     89.63% |        5654      5.13%     94.76% |        5772      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       110149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17800      3.82%      3.82% |       14431      3.10%      6.92% |       14447      3.10%     10.02% |       14427      3.10%     13.12% |       14416      3.10%     16.22% |       14429      3.10%     19.32% |       14436      3.10%     22.42% |       14440      3.10%     25.52% |       14448      3.10%     28.62% |       14462      3.11%     31.73% |       14451      3.10%     34.83% |       14448      3.10%     37.93% |       14428      3.10%     41.03% |       14439      3.10%     44.13% |       14432      3.10%     47.23% |       14432      3.10%     50.33% |       14493      3.11%     53.44% |       14458      3.10%     56.55% |       14460      3.11%     59.65% |       14454      3.10%     62.75% |       14455      3.10%     65.86% |       14471      3.11%     68.97% |       14462      3.11%     72.07% |       14463      3.11%     75.18% |       14471      3.11%     78.29% |       14467      3.11%     81.39% |       14449      3.10%     84.50% |       14447      3.10%     87.60% |       14447      3.10%     90.70% |       14427      3.10%     93.80% |       14442      3.10%     96.90% |       14438      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       465670                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8294      3.20%      3.20% |        8143      3.14%      6.35% |        8159      3.15%      9.50% |        8103      3.13%     12.62% |        8091      3.12%     15.75% |        8070      3.12%     18.86% |        8066      3.11%     21.98% |        8079      3.12%     25.10% |        8095      3.13%     28.22% |        8126      3.14%     31.36% |        8107      3.13%     34.49% |        8081      3.12%     37.61% |        8092      3.12%     40.73% |        8078      3.12%     43.85% |        8106      3.13%     46.98% |        8045      3.11%     50.09% |        8176      3.16%     53.24% |        8070      3.12%     56.36% |        8084      3.12%     59.48% |        8061      3.11%     62.59% |        8083      3.12%     65.71% |        8062      3.11%     68.82% |        8081      3.12%     71.94% |        8060      3.11%     75.06% |        8069      3.12%     78.17% |        8094      3.12%     81.30% |        8082      3.12%     84.42% |        8057      3.11%     87.53% |        8084      3.12%     90.65% |        8092      3.12%     93.77% |        8056      3.11%     96.88% |        8077      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       259023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          14     10.37%     10.37% |           2      1.48%     11.85% |           1      0.74%     12.59% |          18     13.33%     25.93% |           3      2.22%     28.15% |           3      2.22%     30.37% |           4      2.96%     33.33% |           3      2.22%     35.56% |           5      3.70%     39.26% |           3      2.22%     41.48% |           2      1.48%     42.96% |           2      1.48%     44.44% |           3      2.22%     46.67% |           3      2.22%     48.89% |           4      2.96%     51.85% |           3      2.22%     54.07% |          13      9.63%     63.70% |           1      0.74%     64.44% |           2      1.48%     65.93% |          14     10.37%     76.30% |           1      0.74%     77.04% |           0      0.00%     77.04% |           1      0.74%     77.78% |           2      1.48%     79.26% |           3      2.22%     81.48% |           5      3.70%     85.19% |           4      2.96%     88.15% |           7      5.19%     93.33% |           3      2.22%     95.56% |           2      1.48%     97.04% |           2      1.48%     98.52% |           2      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          135                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          38     73.08%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |          14     26.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75442      7.26%      7.26% |       32503      3.13%     10.39% |       29123      2.80%     13.19% |       32019      3.08%     16.27% |       29421      2.83%     19.10% |       29318      2.82%     21.92% |       28738      2.76%     24.68% |       29333      2.82%     27.51% |       30034      2.89%     30.40% |       29635      2.85%     33.25% |       32164      3.09%     36.34% |       30509      2.94%     39.28% |       30167      2.90%     42.18% |       29941      2.88%     45.06% |       29239      2.81%     47.87% |       29839      2.87%     50.75% |       31129      3.00%     53.74% |       29961      2.88%     56.62% |       30605      2.94%     59.57% |       31269      3.01%     62.58% |       31743      3.05%     65.63% |       36623      3.52%     69.15% |       30904      2.97%     72.13% |       30890      2.97%     75.10% |       30904      2.97%     78.07% |       30883      2.97%     81.04% |       30816      2.96%     84.01% |       30514      2.94%     86.94% |       32330      3.11%     90.06% |       31795      3.06%     93.11% |       33796      3.25%     96.37% |       37768      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1039355                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          12      2.52%      2.52% |          14      2.94%      5.46% |          13      2.73%      8.19% |          12      2.52%     10.71% |          14      2.94%     13.66% |          14      2.94%     16.60% |          16      3.36%     19.96% |          15      3.15%     23.11% |          13      2.73%     25.84% |          13      2.73%     28.57% |          17      3.57%     32.14% |          15      3.15%     35.29% |          14      2.94%     38.24% |          16      3.36%     41.60% |          16      3.36%     44.96% |          17      3.57%     48.53% |          16      3.36%     51.89% |          15      3.15%     55.04% |          17      3.57%     58.61% |          16      3.36%     61.97% |          14      2.94%     64.92% |          16      3.36%     68.28% |          14      2.94%     71.22% |          14      2.94%     74.16% |          14      2.94%     77.10% |          15      3.15%     80.25% |          17      3.57%     83.82% |          15      3.15%     86.97% |          16      3.36%     90.34% |          18      3.78%     94.12% |          15      3.15%     97.27% |          13      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          476                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         109      4.05%      4.05% |          82      3.05%      7.10% |          85      3.16%     10.26% |          82      3.05%     13.30% |          77      2.86%     16.16% |          79      2.94%     19.10% |          79      2.94%     22.04% |          80      2.97%     25.01% |          85      3.16%     28.17% |          79      2.94%     31.10% |         104      3.86%     34.97% |          79      2.94%     37.90% |          88      3.27%     41.17% |          84      3.12%     44.30% |          75      2.79%     47.08% |          72      2.68%     49.76% |          74      2.75%     52.51% |          78      2.90%     55.41% |          73      2.71%     58.12% |          80      2.97%     61.09% |          97      3.60%     64.70% |         123      4.57%     69.27% |          83      3.08%     72.35% |          80      2.97%     75.33% |          85      3.16%     78.48% |          80      2.97%     81.46% |          81      3.01%     84.47% |          86      3.20%     87.66% |          85      3.16%     90.82% |          81      3.01%     93.83% |          80      2.97%     96.80% |          86      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           0      0.00%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           2      5.26%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           8     21.05%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           8     21.05%     57.89% |           6     15.79%     73.68% |          10     26.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           7      5.07%      5.07% |           3      2.17%      7.25% |           2      1.45%      8.70% |           2      1.45%     10.14% |           4      2.90%     13.04% |           6      4.35%     17.39% |           5      3.62%     21.01% |           4      2.90%     23.91% |           5      3.62%     27.54% |           9      6.52%     34.06% |           9      6.52%     40.58% |           2      1.45%     42.03% |           4      2.90%     44.93% |           6      4.35%     49.28% |           6      4.35%     53.62% |           2      1.45%     55.07% |           5      3.62%     58.70% |           2      1.45%     60.14% |           1      0.72%     60.87% |           1      0.72%     61.59% |           4      2.90%     64.49% |          15     10.87%     75.36% |           3      2.17%     77.54% |           4      2.90%     80.43% |           6      4.35%     84.78% |           2      1.45%     86.23% |           2      1.45%     87.68% |           5      3.62%     91.30% |           2      1.45%     92.75% |           3      2.17%     94.93% |           3      2.17%     97.10% |           4      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           5      7.94%      7.94% |           2      3.17%     11.11% |           1      1.59%     12.70% |           3      4.76%     17.46% |           3      4.76%     22.22% |           3      4.76%     26.98% |           3      4.76%     31.75% |           2      3.17%     34.92% |           4      6.35%     41.27% |           2      3.17%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           2      3.17%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           4      6.35%     53.97% |           0      0.00%     53.97% |           0      0.00%     53.97% |           0      0.00%     53.97% |          16     25.40%     79.37% |           2      3.17%     82.54% |           0      0.00%     82.54% |           0      0.00%     82.54% |           4      6.35%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           3      4.76%     93.65% |           1      1.59%     95.24% |           2      3.17%     98.41% |           1      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           63                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26765      3.61%      3.61% |       23117      3.11%      6.72% |       23141      3.12%      9.84% |       23069      3.11%     12.95% |       23035      3.10%     16.05% |       23021      3.10%     19.15% |       23042      3.10%     22.25% |       23055      3.11%     25.36% |       23075      3.11%     28.47% |       23119      3.11%     31.58% |       23148      3.12%     34.70% |       23085      3.11%     37.81% |       23097      3.11%     40.92% |       23070      3.11%     44.03% |       23104      3.11%     47.15% |       23029      3.10%     50.25% |       23242      3.13%     53.38% |       23083      3.11%     56.49% |       23091      3.11%     59.60% |       23049      3.11%     62.70% |       23056      3.11%     65.81% |       23100      3.11%     68.92% |       23067      3.11%     72.03% |       23039      3.10%     75.13% |       23095      3.11%     78.25% |       23132      3.12%     81.36% |       23092      3.11%     84.47% |       23033      3.10%     87.58% |       23070      3.11%     90.68% |       23066      3.11%     93.79% |       23039      3.10%     96.90% |       23042      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       742268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     65.85%     65.85% |           0      0.00%     65.85% |           1      1.22%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           1      1.22%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           1      1.22%     69.51% |           2      2.44%     71.95% |           2      2.44%     74.39% |           1      1.22%     75.61% |           2      2.44%     78.05% |           2      2.44%     80.49% |           1      1.22%     81.71% |           2      2.44%     84.15% |           1      1.22%     85.37% |           2      2.44%     87.80% |           2      2.44%     90.24% |           3      3.66%     93.90% |           2      2.44%     96.34% |           3      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          13      2.88%      2.88% |          14      3.10%      5.99% |          12      2.66%      8.65% |          12      2.66%     11.31% |          14      3.10%     14.41% |          14      3.10%     17.52% |          16      3.55%     21.06% |          16      3.55%     24.61% |          13      2.88%     27.49% |          13      2.88%     30.38% |          16      3.55%     33.92% |          15      3.33%     37.25% |          14      3.10%     40.35% |          16      3.55%     43.90% |          16      3.55%     47.45% |          17      3.77%     51.22% |          16      3.55%     54.77% |          14      3.10%     57.87% |          15      3.33%     61.20% |          14      3.10%     64.30% |          13      2.88%     67.18% |          14      3.10%     70.29% |          12      2.66%     72.95% |          14      3.10%     76.05% |          12      2.66%     78.71% |          14      3.10%     81.82% |          15      3.33%     85.14% |          13      2.88%     88.03% |          13      2.88%     90.91% |          16      3.55%     94.46% |          12      2.66%     97.12% |          13      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total          451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          29      3.82%      3.82% |          25      3.29%      7.11% |          29      3.82%     10.94% |          30      3.95%     14.89% |          24      3.16%     18.05% |          24      3.16%     21.21% |          24      3.16%     24.37% |          23      3.03%     27.40% |          27      3.56%     30.96% |          24      3.16%     34.12% |          28      3.69%     37.81% |          27      3.56%     41.37% |          29      3.82%     45.19% |          25      3.29%     48.48% |          22      2.90%     51.38% |          21      2.77%     54.15% |          22      2.90%     57.05% |          18      2.37%     59.42% |          21      2.77%     62.19% |          24      3.16%     65.35% |          32      4.22%     69.57% |          33      4.35%     73.91% |          20      2.64%     76.55% |          20      2.64%     79.18% |          20      2.64%     81.82% |          15      1.98%     83.79% |          20      2.64%     86.43% |          21      2.77%     89.20% |          20      2.64%     91.83% |          20      2.64%     94.47% |          20      2.64%     97.10% |          22      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          759                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          79      4.10%      4.10% |          56      2.90%      7.00% |          55      2.85%      9.85% |          52      2.70%     12.55% |          53      2.75%     15.30% |          55      2.85%     18.15% |          55      2.85%     21.01% |          57      2.96%     23.96% |          58      3.01%     26.97% |          55      2.85%     29.82% |          76      3.94%     33.77% |          52      2.70%     36.46% |          58      3.01%     39.47% |          59      3.06%     42.53% |          53      2.75%     45.28% |          51      2.65%     47.93% |          52      2.70%     50.62% |          60      3.11%     53.73% |          52      2.70%     56.43% |          56      2.90%     59.34% |          65      3.37%     62.71% |          90      4.67%     67.38% |          63      3.27%     70.64% |          60      3.11%     73.76% |          65      3.37%     77.13% |          65      3.37%     80.50% |          61      3.16%     83.66% |          65      3.37%     87.03% |          65      3.37%     90.40% |          61      3.16%     93.57% |          60      3.11%     96.68% |          64      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           8     32.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           9     36.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           8     32.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         452      3.35%      3.35% |         421      3.12%      6.46% |         412      3.05%      9.51% |         412      3.05%     12.56% |         412      3.05%     15.61% |         402      2.98%     18.59% |         417      3.09%     21.67% |         416      3.08%     24.75% |         407      3.01%     27.76% |         414      3.06%     30.83% |         445      3.29%     34.12% |         438      3.24%     37.36% |         449      3.32%     40.69% |         428      3.17%     43.86% |         448      3.32%     47.17% |         438      3.24%     50.41% |         448      3.32%     53.73% |         439      3.25%     56.98% |         432      3.20%     60.18% |         410      3.03%     63.21% |         385      2.85%     66.06% |         406      3.01%     69.07% |         404      2.99%     72.06% |         398      2.95%     75.00% |         430      3.18%     78.19% |         449      3.32%     81.51% |         436      3.23%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.06%     90.75% |         424      3.14%     93.89% |         422      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13510                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           8      7.08%      7.08% |           2      1.77%      8.85% |           1      0.88%      9.73% |          12     10.62%     20.35% |           3      2.65%     23.01% |           3      2.65%     25.66% |           4      3.54%     29.20% |           3      2.65%     31.86% |           5      4.42%     36.28% |           3      2.65%     38.94% |           2      1.77%     40.71% |           2      1.77%     42.48% |           3      2.65%     45.13% |           3      2.65%     47.79% |           4      3.54%     51.33% |           3      2.65%     53.98% |          13     11.50%     65.49% |           1      0.88%     66.37% |           2      1.77%     68.14% |           6      5.31%     73.45% |           1      0.88%     74.34% |           0      0.00%     74.34% |           1      0.88%     75.22% |           2      1.77%     76.99% |           3      2.65%     79.65% |           5      4.42%     84.07% |           4      3.54%     87.61% |           5      4.42%     92.04% |           3      2.65%     94.69% |           2      1.77%     96.46% |           2      1.77%     98.23% |           2      1.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           8      6.45%      6.45% |           3      2.42%      8.87% |           2      1.61%     10.48% |          10      8.06%     18.55% |           3      2.42%     20.97% |           5      4.03%     25.00% |           6      4.84%     29.84% |           3      2.42%     32.26% |           5      4.03%     36.29% |           3      2.42%     38.71% |           2      1.61%     40.32% |           2      1.61%     41.94% |           4      3.23%     45.16% |           3      2.42%     47.58% |           5      4.03%     51.61% |           3      2.42%     54.03% |          13     10.48%     64.52% |           1      0.81%     65.32% |           3      2.42%     67.74% |           6      4.84%     72.58% |           1      0.81%     73.39% |           0      0.00%     73.39% |           1      0.81%     74.19% |           2      1.61%     75.81% |           4      3.23%     79.03% |           5      4.03%     83.06% |           5      4.03%     87.10% |           6      4.84%     91.94% |           3      2.42%     94.35% |           2      1.61%     95.97% |           2      1.61%     97.58% |           3      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12344      4.33%      4.33% |        8850      3.10%      7.43% |        8873      3.11%     10.54% |        8809      3.09%     13.63% |        8779      3.08%     16.71% |        8767      3.07%     19.78% |        8770      3.08%     22.86% |        8792      3.08%     25.94% |        8811      3.09%     29.03% |        8843      3.10%     32.13% |        8861      3.11%     35.24% |        8784      3.08%     38.32% |        8796      3.08%     41.40% |        8788      3.08%     44.48% |        8807      3.09%     47.57% |        8745      3.07%     50.64% |        8893      3.12%     53.76% |        8783      3.08%     56.84% |        8797      3.08%     59.92% |        8781      3.08%     63.00% |        8792      3.08%     66.08% |        8808      3.09%     69.17% |        8812      3.09%     72.26% |        8781      3.08%     75.34% |        8795      3.08%     78.42% |        8821      3.09%     81.52% |        8792      3.08%     84.60% |        8777      3.08%     87.68% |        8805      3.09%     90.76% |        8791      3.08%     93.85% |        8755      3.07%     96.92% |        8793      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       285195                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         446      3.30%      3.30% |         421      3.12%      6.42% |         415      3.07%      9.50% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         411      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.57% |         417      3.09%     24.66% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         416      3.08%     30.75% |         444      3.29%     34.04% |         437      3.24%     37.28% |         451      3.34%     40.62% |         428      3.17%     43.79% |         448      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         449      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         385      2.85%     66.02% |         408      3.02%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.93%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         426      3.16%     93.87% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14999      3.15%      3.15% |       14870      3.12%      6.27% |       14877      3.12%      9.39% |       14880      3.12%     12.52% |       14869      3.12%     15.64% |       14877      3.12%     18.76% |       14882      3.12%     21.89% |       14870      3.12%     25.01% |       14881      3.12%     28.13% |       14884      3.12%     31.26% |       14867      3.12%     34.38% |       14888      3.13%     37.50% |       14874      3.12%     40.63% |       14878      3.12%     43.75% |       14873      3.12%     46.87% |       14868      3.12%     49.99% |       14924      3.13%     53.13% |       14884      3.12%     56.25% |       14884      3.12%     59.38% |       14886      3.13%     62.50% |       14903      3.13%     65.63% |       14908      3.13%     68.76% |       14875      3.12%     71.88% |       14887      3.13%     75.01% |       14897      3.13%     78.13% |       14888      3.13%     81.26% |       14888      3.13%     84.39% |       14879      3.12%     87.51% |       14874      3.12%     90.63% |       14873      3.12%     93.75% |       14883      3.12%     96.88% |       14870      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476340                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75928      7.22%      7.22% |       32855      3.13%     10.35% |       29479      2.80%     13.16% |       32390      3.08%     16.24% |       29774      2.83%     19.07% |       29674      2.82%     21.89% |       29095      2.77%     24.66% |       29692      2.83%     27.49% |       30397      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32547      3.10%     36.33% |       30861      2.94%     39.27% |       30526      2.90%     42.17% |       30301      2.88%     45.05% |       29592      2.82%     47.87% |       30189      2.87%     50.74% |       31504      3.00%     53.74% |       30311      2.88%     56.62% |       30941      2.94%     59.57% |       31634      3.01%     62.58% |       32115      3.06%     65.63% |       37024      3.52%     69.15% |       31261      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.10% |       31264      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31175      2.97%     84.02% |       30877      2.94%     86.95% |       32692      3.11%     90.06% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34152      3.25%     96.37% |       38127      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051011                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           2      2.38%      2.38% |           2      2.38%      4.76% |           1      1.19%      5.95% |           3      3.57%      9.52% |           3      3.57%     13.10% |           3      3.57%     16.67% |           4      4.76%     21.43% |           2      2.38%     23.81% |           5      5.95%     29.76% |           3      3.57%     33.33% |           2      2.38%     35.71% |           2      2.38%     38.10% |           3      3.57%     41.67% |           3      3.57%     45.24% |           4      4.76%     50.00% |           3      3.57%     53.57% |           7      8.33%     61.90% |           1      1.19%     63.10% |           2      2.38%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |           1      1.19%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.19%     67.86% |           2      2.38%     70.24% |           3      3.57%     73.81% |           4      4.76%     78.57% |           4      4.76%     83.33% |           5      5.95%     89.29% |           3      3.57%     92.86% |           2      2.38%     95.24% |           2      2.38%     97.62% |           2      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           84                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          12     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          15     31.25%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           5     10.42%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |          14     29.17%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           2      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          14     10.61%     10.61% |           2      1.52%     12.12% |           1      0.76%     12.88% |          18     13.64%     26.52% |           3      2.27%     28.79% |           3      2.27%     31.06% |           4      3.03%     34.09% |           2      1.52%     35.61% |           5      3.79%     39.39% |           3      2.27%     41.67% |           2      1.52%     43.18% |           2      1.52%     44.70% |           3      2.27%     46.97% |           3      2.27%     49.24% |           4      3.03%     52.27% |           3      2.27%     54.55% |          12      9.09%     63.64% |           1      0.76%     64.39% |           2      1.52%     65.91% |          14     10.61%     76.52% |           1      0.76%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      0.76%     78.03% |           2      1.52%     79.55% |           3      2.27%     81.82% |           4      3.03%     84.85% |           4      3.03%     87.88% |           7      5.30%     93.18% |           3      2.27%     95.45% |           2      1.52%     96.97% |           2      1.52%     98.48% |           2      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          132                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       62648     16.98%     16.98% |      184524     50.00%     66.98% |        7851      2.13%     69.10% |        8168      2.21%     71.32% |        7687      2.08%     73.40% |        8437      2.29%     75.69% |        7798      2.11%     77.80% |        8164      2.21%     80.01% |        7122      1.93%     81.94% |        7564      2.05%     83.99% |        7106      1.93%     85.92% |        7465      2.02%     87.94% |        7667      2.08%     90.02% |        7441      2.02%     92.03% |        6923      1.88%     93.91% |        7248      1.96%     95.87% |        7300      1.98%     97.85% |        7935      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       369048                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       62648     16.98%     16.98% |      184524     50.00%     66.98% |        7851      2.13%     69.10% |        8168      2.21%     71.32% |        7687      2.08%     73.40% |        8437      2.29%     75.69% |        7798      2.11%     77.80% |        8164      2.21%     80.01% |        7122      1.93%     81.94% |        7564      2.05%     83.99% |        7106      1.93%     85.92% |        7465      2.02%     87.94% |        7667      2.08%     90.02% |        7441      2.02%     92.03% |        6923      1.88%     93.91% |        7248      1.96%     95.87% |        7300      1.98%     97.85% |        7935      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       369048                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       62648     16.98%     16.98% |      184524     50.00%     66.98% |        7851      2.13%     69.10% |        8168      2.21%     71.32% |        7687      2.08%     73.40% |        8437      2.29%     75.69% |        7798      2.11%     77.80% |        8164      2.21%     80.01% |        7122      1.93%     81.94% |        7564      2.05%     83.99% |        7106      1.93%     85.92% |        7465      2.02%     87.94% |        7667      2.08%     90.02% |        7441      2.02%     92.03% |        6923      1.88%     93.91% |        7248      1.96%     95.87% |        7300      1.98%     97.85% |        7935      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       369048                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       62648     16.98%     16.98% |      184524     50.00%     66.98% |        7851      2.13%     69.10% |        8168      2.21%     71.32% |        7687      2.08%     73.40% |        8437      2.29%     75.69% |        7798      2.11%     77.80% |        8164      2.21%     80.01% |        7122      1.93%     81.94% |        7564      2.05%     83.99% |        7106      1.93%     85.92% |        7465      2.02%     87.94% |        7667      2.08%     90.02% |        7441      2.02%     92.03% |        6923      1.88%     93.91% |        7248      1.96%     95.87% |        7300      1.98%     97.85% |        7935      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       369048                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
