
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153818                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153817922500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5329986001000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40673                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77444                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96893310                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4031972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1587.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64568174                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122942637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25268608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25268608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21423424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21423424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164276097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164276097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139277814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139277814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303553911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303553911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394823                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334741                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394823                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334741                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25267712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21423232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25268672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21423424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   136617                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    16254                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153817659000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394823                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334741                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                142145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  52735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  53882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  22241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  37536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       215424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.739453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.558529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.725225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68517     31.81%     31.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54111     25.12%     56.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69860     32.43%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10178      4.72%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5865      2.72%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2903      1.35%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1444      0.67%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          988      0.46%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1558      0.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       215424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.906080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.987491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49928     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.703340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.089246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.538840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40242     80.59%     80.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1857      3.72%     84.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5119     10.25%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2718      5.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 66097560519                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            73500210519                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   167416.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              186166.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  295048                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 219073                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210835.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122115461500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              818959680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              809638200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              446853000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              441766875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546467000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533019800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086585840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082516400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61115706090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60860515950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38680308750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904159750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113741483160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113678219775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.456746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.045457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24508992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24508992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20685824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20685824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323216                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323216                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159337687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159337687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134482534                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134482534                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293820221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293820221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382953                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323216                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382953                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323216                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24507904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20685568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24508992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20685824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    96202                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    12972                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153817160000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382953                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323216                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                102740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  52094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  30256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       186643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   242.137900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.964750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.592192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39982     21.42%     21.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52880     28.33%     49.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69975     37.49%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10393      5.57%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6106      3.27%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2793      1.50%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1575      0.84%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1058      0.57%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1881      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       186643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.905099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.625121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48434     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.672419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.079065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.465966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38584     79.65%     79.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2822      5.83%     85.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4345      8.97%     94.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2689      5.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58711672979                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            65891722979                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   153319.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              172069.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  291643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 227861                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217819.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27042062250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121639414250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              711562320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              699458760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              388253250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              381649125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500688800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486196400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049468400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044945360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60083900640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59608512090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39585401250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40002408750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113365877460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113269773285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.014856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.390063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20687232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20687232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159339767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159339767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134491688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134491688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293831455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293831455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323238                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24508160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20687040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20687232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    92201                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    13154                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153816939000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323238                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 98900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  20287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  30333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       186051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   242.918340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.911209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.290716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39343     21.15%     21.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52156     28.03%     49.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70588     37.94%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10507      5.65%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6181      3.32%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2811      1.51%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1550      0.83%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          983      0.53%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1932      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       186051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.900433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.687612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48464     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.668764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.076840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.461996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38614     79.67%     79.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2871      5.92%     85.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4285      8.84%     94.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2700      5.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 58159955107                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            65340080107                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   151877.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              170627.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291651                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 228473                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217810.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138643000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121542699500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              708855840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              697689720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              386776500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              380683875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500938400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485993600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049468400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045094400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59661330570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59198832855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39956076750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40361776500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113310049260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113216673750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.651905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.044852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20684992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20684992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159209952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159209952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134477125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134477125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293687077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293687077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382646                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323203                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382646                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323203                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20684992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20684992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    89827                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12652                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153816615500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382646                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323203                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 96650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  53828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  20354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  29480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       184551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.776219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.103522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.330397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37622     20.39%     20.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52419     28.40%     48.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70715     38.32%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10556      5.72%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5939      3.22%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2742      1.49%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1595      0.86%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1002      0.54%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1961      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       184551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.895547                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.066979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48456     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.669205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.077444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.461957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38593     79.64%     79.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2891      5.97%     85.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4212      8.69%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2766      5.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 58099874633                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            65274299633                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   151841.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              170591.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  291753                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 229535                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217917.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224985000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122456363250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              704334960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              690870600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              384309750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              376963125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499245800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485315000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049312880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1045042560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59838738795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59293619010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39800459250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278634500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113323004235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113217047595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.736098                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.047252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13546854                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 46.507315                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.477342                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                86.709143                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13069304     96.47%     96.47% |      341357      2.52%     98.99% |      115989      0.86%     99.85% |       19509      0.14%     99.99% |         694      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13546854                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43675407                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.126957                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.650738                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.246866                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41558177     95.15%     95.15% |     1405132      3.22%     98.37% |       23164      0.05%     98.42% |       25770      0.06%     98.48% |       43516      0.10%     98.58% |       98139      0.22%     98.81% |      176266      0.40%     99.21% |      240983      0.55%     99.76% |      104260      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43675407                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43675405                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.583659                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.741730                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            184.539465                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43281770     99.10%     99.10% |      302051      0.69%     99.79% |       76488      0.18%     99.97% |       13076      0.03%    100.00% |        1833      0.00%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43675405                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41504034                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000147                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000126                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.012758                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41498171     99.99%     99.99% |        5670      0.01%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41504034                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171371                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        517.592181                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       255.126078                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       658.290103                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1777736     81.87%     81.87% |      302051     13.91%     95.78% |       76488      3.52%     99.30% |       13076      0.60%     99.91% |        1833      0.08%     99.99% |         178      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171371                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         161004                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       161004                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          783                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          546                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          535                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          523                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26911457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28223517                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14587617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14714663                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       482123                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46084                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       189894                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130345                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78033                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        32401                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        31137                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32480                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        33077                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88969                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        31479                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          637                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        33194                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        32853                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        32724                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15593                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67930                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63993                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27396                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14938                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21795599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21795599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22071934                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21795599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8920136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8907935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21795598                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070849                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9672343                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9672343                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9933414                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9672343                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4354391                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4343111                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9672343                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031441                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7235427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7235427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7530919                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7235427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2717807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2706991                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7235427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023519                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6078256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6078256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6349881                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6078256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2339770                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2330916                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6078256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019758                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8425771                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8425771                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8760817                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8425771                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3597442                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3577043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8425771                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027389                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8750664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8750664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9077228                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8750664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3649506                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3640092                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8750664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028445                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9223136                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9223136                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9563165                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9223136                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3326067                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3317132                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9223136                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029981                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6298100                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6298100                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6624466                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6298100                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2395696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2387352                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6298100                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020473                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4226905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4226905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4388347                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4226905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1665765                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1659189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4226905                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013740                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5562233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5562233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5801768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5562233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2356996                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2347285                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5562233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018081                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884630                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884630                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3983150                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884630                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463609                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461118                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884630                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012627                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3442139                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3442139                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3469163                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3442139                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1277927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1277467                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3442139                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011189                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4770001                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4770001                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4808405                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4770001                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1968707                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1968093                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4770001                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015505                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3642722                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3642722                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3672934                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3642722                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371637                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371218                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3642722                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011841                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2129079                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768983                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768596                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006839                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3209185                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3209185                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3262191                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3209185                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166937                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165985                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3209185                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010432                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4325935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4325935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4377514                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4325935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1519292                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518391                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4325935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014062                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3360147                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3360147                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3415969                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3360147                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205835                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204823                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3360147                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010922                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3435341                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3435341                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3518384                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3435341                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1255181                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1253565                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3435341                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011167                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959253                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959253                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1982626                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959253                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724240                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723809                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959253                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1797113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1797113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1802263                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1797113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720101                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720037                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1797113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2439027                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034881                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034449                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007902                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109030                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109030                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2117070                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109030                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845049                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844954                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109030                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499466                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499466                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311442                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1757085                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1757085                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1762240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1757085                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       674213                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       674157                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1757085                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408763                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408763                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416780                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408763                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014314                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013963                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408763                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007830                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067640                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067640                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2075358                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067640                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819224                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819148                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067640                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006721                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331777                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331777                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331777                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331777                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506409                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331777                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004329                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7854180                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7854180                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8307737                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7854180                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2930628                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2924044                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7854179                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025531                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7874733                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7874733                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8169659                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7874733                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2894172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2887913                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7874733                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025598                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7880131                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7880131                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8294424                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7880131                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2898581                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891239                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7880131                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025615                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8222563                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8222563                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8591424                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8222563                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3033309                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3025611                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8222563                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026728                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12943335     29.55%     29.55% |    28798988     65.75%     95.30% |     2060247      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43802570                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12943336     29.55%     29.55% |    28798989     65.75%     95.30% |     2060247      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43802572                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   493223806                       |   692760799                       |    45971714                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   646507711                       |   117287082                       |     2060247                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.106393                       |   24.055040                       |   22.313691                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   49.949083                       |    4.072611                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.125206                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    17.484249                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         45.609455                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002240                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052748      7.65%      7.65% |    0.052731      7.64%     15.29% |    0.051271      7.43%     22.72% |    0.051219      7.42%     30.14% |    0.112161     16.26%     46.40% |    0.112166     16.26%     62.66% |    0.112114     16.25%     78.91% |    0.112040     16.24%     95.15% |    0.008371      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008372      1.21%     97.57% |    0.008372      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008373      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.689938                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017111                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027817                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001754                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001804                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004521                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002023                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002008                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002040                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002064                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002056                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002077                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002228                       |    0.007695                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007457                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000393                       |    0.000917                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000068                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000070                       |    0.000064                       |    0.000070                       |    0.000060                       |    0.000062                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002143                       |    0.001416                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002153                       |    0.000060                       |    0.002548                       |    0.005332                       |    0.001863                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006837                       |           0                       |    0.005292                       |    0.008418                       |    0.002707                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000066                       |    0.005656                       |    0.004452                       |    0.009419                       |    0.001733                       |    0.002126                       |    0.000068                       |    0.007870                       |    0.004960                       |    0.003001                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.008180                       |    0.005024                       |    0.003542                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004141                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002349                       |           0                       |    0.002216                       |           0                       |    0.002077                       |    0.001418                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001151                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002384                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000062                       |    0.002452                       |    0.004111                       |    0.005309                       |    0.002222                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002122                       |    0.000065                       |    0.004707                       |    0.008249                       |    0.007163                       |    0.003300                       |    0.027699                       |    0.003980                       |    0.000393                       |    0.003384                       |    0.013612                       |    0.017748                       |    0.004033                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000917                       |    0.003332                       |    0.006719                       |    0.014140                       |    0.004085                       |    0.001834                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000070                       |    0.006917                       |    0.005489                       |    0.007905                       |    0.004116                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002024                       |    0.004101                       |    0.004085                       |    0.003175                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002359                       |           0                       |    0.002259                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002000                       |    0.002334                       |    0.003990                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006610                       |           0                       |    0.001931                       |    0.005302                       |    0.007238                       |    0.002121                       |    0.001734                       |    0.002080                       |    0.000064                       |    0.014817                       |    0.005670                       |    0.003446                       |    0.002171                       |    0.001834                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000070                       |    0.002146                       |    0.007898                       |    0.004281                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002781                       |    0.008219                       |    0.004594                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.004072                       |    0.002296                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000219                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |           0                       |    0.002121                       |           0                       |    0.002917                       |    0.000668                       |    0.004725                       |           0                       |    0.002171                       |           0                       |    0.007084                       |    0.002484                       |    0.002323                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005117                       |    0.002757                       |           0                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.004575                       |    0.004405                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004167                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002100                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.689938                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14473494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14473494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694940                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11822056                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11167293                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.461513                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          573517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29681                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14680508                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95037                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22453757                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188696                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14775545                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22642453                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37134265                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283733                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37417998                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14721847                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10097                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14731944                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14721847                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10097                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14731944                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300809190                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47171182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76134789                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14473494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11740810                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247615965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206953                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373251                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347005                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14721242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4328                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296625892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265901065     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5809948      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1713075      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354355      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4955780      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5251821      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1189902      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614866      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9835080      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296625892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253100                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28191972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243846738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17708375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6117983                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141495663                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30915565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151361625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16932767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20802538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75852573                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138193887                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2744862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         535114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150490460                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311636099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187233285                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132808046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41528226                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7863609                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23013808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1023439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       787255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135370674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       575103                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139524252                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294462                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048525                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141899                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296625892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239665598     80.80%     80.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22447833      7.57%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13691947      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8647442      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3419641      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3977705      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730209      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562280      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483237      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296625892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123991      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954555     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324153     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101217358     72.54%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14897412     10.68%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22788574     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139524252                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463830                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402699                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010053                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577371502                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148555954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130358929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140422089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1517001                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341358                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10064                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8246782                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5522821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142718907                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135945777                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7863609                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23013808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       566010                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10064                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138223548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14669451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37162296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12118859                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22492845                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130500118                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130358949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78007401                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112209335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       433204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294398924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245298446     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19182901      6.52%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10980365      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10787689      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2236684      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       503074      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390330      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523630      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2495805      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294398924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64568173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122942634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28460922                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6522247                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11412991                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122368122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       491439                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94150490     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6522247      5.31%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21938675     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122942634                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2495805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427567713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273984991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88174                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4183298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64568173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122942634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.658784                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.658784                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190698719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95151457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60449889                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45332139                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61926052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2387242000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2387241999.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248053                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        71.143815                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.972946                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      122.728974                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5770503     92.36%     92.36% |      341357      5.46%     97.82% |      115989      1.86%     99.68% |       19509      0.31%     99.99% |         694      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248053                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280049                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.426039                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.321644                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.814241                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1149118     15.78%     15.78% |     3995258     54.88%     70.66% |     2031839     27.91%     98.57% |       98732      1.36%     99.93% |        4419      0.06%     99.99% |         556      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280049                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18752                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.113481                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.802651                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.113727                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         656      3.50%      3.50% |        2283     12.17%     15.67% |        8581     45.76%     61.43% |        4368     23.29%     84.73% |        2844     15.17%     99.89% |          20      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18752                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6160933                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           49.342988                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.121435                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         269.119996                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6040433     98.04%     98.04% |       89751      1.46%     99.50% |       25758      0.42%     99.92% |        4431      0.07%     99.99% |         514      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6160933                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5712985                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000550                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025324                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5709350     99.94%     99.94% |        3632      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5712985                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447948                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     640.378448                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    236.108631                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    787.023759                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      327448     73.10%     73.10% |       89751     20.04%     93.14% |       25758      5.75%     98.89% |        4431      0.99%     99.87% |         514      0.11%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447948                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22473426                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           39.391240                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.130094                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         213.511239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22200379     98.79%     98.79% |      212238      0.94%     99.73% |       50709      0.23%     99.96% |        8640      0.04%     99.99% |        1319      0.01%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22473426                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20905188                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000114                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000095                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.011955                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20903062     99.99%     99.99% |        1936      0.01%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20905188                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568238                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     524.498313                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    292.783669                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    632.690209                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1295191     82.59%     82.59% |      212238     13.53%     96.12% |       50709      3.23%     99.36% |        8640      0.55%     99.91% |        1319      0.08%     99.99% |         137      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568238                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14714661                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.752456                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085425                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.852763                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14714292    100.00%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14714661                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14587617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14587615    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14587617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127044                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.151987                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.523142                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    78.180026                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126675     99.71%     99.71% |         283      0.22%     99.93% |          33      0.03%     99.96% |          28      0.02%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.076711                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019529                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.265600                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323514     99.52%     99.52% |        1446      0.44%     99.96% |         102      0.03%     99.99% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296866     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.953153                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.275365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.881336                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26548     94.43%     94.43% |        1446      5.14%     99.58% |         102      0.36%     99.94% |          15      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13454                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1705877                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       107509                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    45409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    37321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    45492                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    35226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    45352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    37424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    45538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    39903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    45366                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    35167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   45309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   39739                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   45340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   37128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   45321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   37275                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   5311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   4183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   3686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   5368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   4080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   4193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   5354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   3745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  4357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  5380                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  4376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  4229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    29956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    24995                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    29483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    23006                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    29924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    25174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    29584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    26328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    30015                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    23298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   29633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   26456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   30395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   25634                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   30279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   25316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1081100                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  893832                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1048551                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  806849                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1076866                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  897253                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1044858                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  880122                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1079381                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  878328                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1023617                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 875565                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                1177497                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 970817                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1122934                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295911221                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                12719                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 9303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                12771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 8832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                12802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 9411                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12795                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                10097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                12744                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 8849                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               12743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                9963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                9383                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12735                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                9425                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1905                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1040                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1822                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1829                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1087                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1023                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1881                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1843                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1889                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               32690                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               28018                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               32721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               26394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               32550                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               28013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               32743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               29806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               32622                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               26318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              32566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              29776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              32559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              27745                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32586                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              27850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              3406                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              2958                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              3375                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2646                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              3546                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              2963                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              3353                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              3106                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              3474                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              2722                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             3530                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             3136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             3537                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             3231                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             3510                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             3126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2493299                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2122692                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2493170                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2047199                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2495763                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2056038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2522503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2131974                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2481312                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2050766                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2474183                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2122341                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2495452                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2057949                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2528039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2123611                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1515151                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1245903                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1472162                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1138392                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1504844                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1160243                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1571611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1247482                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1429404                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1146144                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1575167                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1099342                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1451765                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1087401                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1629130                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1145968                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             596091                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             523133                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595448                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             489384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             596743                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             521218                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             598937                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             559773                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             596246                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             487891                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            596732                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            554724                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            595450                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            520115                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            595655                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            521745                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2887108                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2685532                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2882693                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2611536                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2988541                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2561191                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2838477                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2750471                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3013995                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2663872                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2806923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2823832                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2993764                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2730936                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2817188                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2785101                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1515151                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1245903                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1472162                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1138392                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1504844                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1160243                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1571611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1247482                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1429404                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1146144                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1575167                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1099342                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1451765                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1087401                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1629130                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1145968                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        515662                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594487                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        483922                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594155                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        516064                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        593645                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        546277                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594206                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        484008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594067                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       548115                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594622                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       516727                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       515889                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1884850                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1649513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1882409                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1582972                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1899956                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1573028                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1883356                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1646904                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1884150                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1606477                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1840134                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1640715                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1896125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1619542                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1904694                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1651779                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2473509                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2102259                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2456245                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2022018                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2468831                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2030730                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2487486                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2116525                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2453324                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2028856                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2441903                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2100982                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2467429                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2048531                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2494323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2098636                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305494897                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305494893                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305494899                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305494895                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305494904                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305494900                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305494916                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305494912                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2473061                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2113122                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2479971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2034388                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2475888                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2031330                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2511884                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2120132                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2455740                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2034978                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2455895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2116000                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2481974                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2046684                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2511820                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2113571                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               690                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              773                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              7096                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              7039                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              7391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              7011                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             7380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             6904                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             6603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             5742                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             6750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2848                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2456                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2799                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2993                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2471                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1862                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2585                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1993                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          333199                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          215742                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          323821                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          194585                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          341944                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          260780                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          322145                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          238311                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          339378                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          238678                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         313494                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         243595                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         372551                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         289524                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         347535                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         267407                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394796     25.58%     25.58% |      382953     24.81%     50.39% |      382958     24.81%     75.21% |      382646     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328910     25.68%     25.68% |      317378     24.77%     50.45% |      317397     24.78%     75.23% |      317360     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394822     25.58%     25.58% |      382953     24.81%     50.39% |      382958     24.81%     75.21% |      382646     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543379                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334741     25.66%     25.66% |      323216     24.78%     50.44% |      323238     24.78%     75.22% |      323203     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57694     25.13%     25.13% |       57383     25.00%     50.13% |       57369     24.99%     75.13% |       57094     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394796     25.58%     25.58% |      382953     24.81%     50.39% |      382958     24.81%     75.21% |      382646     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328654     25.67%     25.67% |      317184     24.78%     50.45% |      317206     24.78%     75.23% |      317171     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280215                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57694     25.13%     25.13% |       57383     25.00%     50.13% |       57369     24.99%     75.13% |       57094     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394795     25.58%     25.58% |      382953     24.81%     50.39% |      382958     24.81%     75.21% |      382646     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543352                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328654     25.67%     25.67% |      317184     24.78%     50.45% |      317206     24.78%     75.23% |      317171     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280215                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5962028     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       25088      0.41%     97.15% |       24432      0.40%     97.55% |       25088      0.41%     97.95% |       25744      0.42%     98.37% |       24432      0.40%     98.77% |       25744      0.42%     99.19% |       25088      0.41%     99.59% |       25088      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6162746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14714711    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14714711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22263671     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       67064      0.29%     97.94% |       65127      0.29%     98.23% |       67070      0.29%     98.52% |       69000      0.30%     98.82% |       65127      0.29%     99.11% |       69003      0.30%     99.41% |       67069      0.29%     99.71% |       67066      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22800197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18643     99.68%     99.68% |          14      0.07%     99.75% |           2      0.01%     99.76% |           3      0.02%     99.78% |           7      0.04%     99.82% |           8      0.04%     99.86% |          10      0.05%     99.91% |          10      0.05%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433922     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       91023      4.21%     70.53% |       88449      4.09%     74.62% |       91046      4.21%     78.83% |       93608      4.33%     83.16% |       88484      4.09%     87.25% |       93611      4.33%     91.58% |       91027      4.21%     95.79% |       91027      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           3     11.54%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           6     23.08%     53.85% |           5     19.23%     73.08% |           1      3.85%     76.92% |           6     23.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           6     26.09%     43.48% |           2      8.70%     52.17% |           5     21.74%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           4     17.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247336     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24719      5.55%     61.13% |       24075      5.41%     66.53% |       24722      5.55%     72.09% |       25351      5.70%     77.78% |       24077      5.41%     83.19% |       25358      5.70%     88.89% |       24723      5.55%     94.45% |       24720      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           6     26.09%     43.48% |           4     17.39%     60.87% |           7     30.43%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191752     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       66799      3.87%     72.91% |       64877      3.76%     76.67% |       66819      3.87%     80.54% |       68745      3.98%     84.52% |       64888      3.76%     88.28% |       68743      3.98%     92.26% |       66809      3.87%     96.13% |       66807      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307100     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91003      4.47%     68.70% |       88439      4.35%     73.04% |       91019      4.47%     77.51% |       93579      4.60%     82.11% |       88441      4.35%     86.46% |       93581      4.60%     91.06% |       91019      4.47%     95.53% |       91005      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249957     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24720      5.52%     61.35% |       24076      5.38%     66.73% |       24722      5.52%     72.25% |       25357      5.66%     77.91% |       24081      5.38%     83.29% |       25365      5.67%     88.96% |       24723      5.52%     94.48% |       24722      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66799      4.18%     70.70% |       64877      4.06%     74.77% |       66819      4.19%     78.95% |       68745      4.31%     83.26% |       64888      4.06%     87.32% |       68743      4.31%     91.63% |       66809      4.19%     95.81% |       66807      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.63%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           2      0.02%     99.64% |           2      0.02%     99.66% |           6      0.05%     99.71% |           8      0.07%     99.79% |           9      0.08%     99.87% |           9      0.08%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           6      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         211    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4504    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          51    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1828     98.44%     98.44% |           0      0.00%     98.44% |           2      0.11%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           4      0.22%     98.76% |           3      0.16%     98.92% |           7      0.38%     99.30% |           6      0.32%     99.62% |           1      0.05%     99.68% |           6      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14587617    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14587617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5439     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           6      0.00%     99.97% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2579153     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         368      0.01%     99.90% |         356      0.01%     99.91% |         366      0.01%     99.93% |         387      0.01%     99.94% |         351      0.01%     99.96% |         379      0.01%     99.97% |         365      0.01%     99.99% |         366      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2582091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       58997    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        58997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1864     99.31%     99.31% |          12      0.64%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186398     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       24700      6.43%     54.97% |       24056      6.26%     61.24% |       24698      6.43%     67.67% |       25349      6.60%     74.27% |       24053      6.26%     80.54% |       25338      6.60%     87.13% |       24705      6.43%     93.57% |       24698      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       383995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           1      4.76%      9.52% |           6     28.57%     38.10% |           2      9.52%     47.62% |           5     23.81%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2978576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2978576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21142413     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         263      0.00%     99.99% |         248      0.00%     99.99% |         247      0.00%     99.99% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |         257      0.00%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21144435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         176     98.32%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |           1      0.56%     98.88% |           1      0.56%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.87%     67.87% |           0      0.00%     67.87% |       66303      4.02%     71.89% |       64383      3.90%     75.79% |       66321      4.02%     79.80% |       68230      4.13%     83.94% |       64388      3.90%     87.84% |       68243      4.13%     91.97% |       66314      4.02%     95.98% |       66307      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           3     11.54%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           6     23.08%     53.85% |           5     19.23%     73.08% |           1      3.85%     76.92% |           6     23.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     97.90%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           3      0.48%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |           4      0.65%     99.03% |           1      0.16%     99.19% |           1      0.16%     99.35% |           1      0.16%     99.52% |           0      0.00%     99.52% |           3      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247336     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24719      5.55%     61.13% |       24075      5.41%     66.53% |       24722      5.55%     72.09% |       25351      5.70%     77.78% |       24077      5.41%     83.19% |       25358      5.70%     88.89% |       24723      5.55%     94.45% |       24720      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           6     26.09%     43.48% |           4     17.39%     60.87% |           7     30.43%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129876    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     11.02%     11.02% |           0      0.00%     11.02% |          13     11.02%     22.03% |           8      6.78%     28.81% |          13     11.02%     39.83% |          17     14.41%     54.24% |          26     22.03%     76.27% |          14     11.86%     88.14% |           7      5.93%     94.07% |           7      5.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total          118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061876     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66799      4.18%     70.70% |       64877      4.06%     74.77% |       66819      4.19%     78.95% |       68745      4.31%     83.26% |       64888      4.06%     87.32% |       68743      4.31%     91.63% |       66809      4.19%     95.82% |       66807      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     95.60%     95.60% |           0      0.00%     95.60% |           2      0.52%     96.11% |           2      0.52%     96.63% |           4      1.04%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           2      0.52%     98.19% |           3      0.78%     98.96% |           4      1.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307100     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91003      4.47%     68.70% |       88439      4.35%     73.04% |       91019      4.47%     77.51% |       93579      4.60%     82.11% |       88441      4.35%     86.46% |       93581      4.60%     91.06% |       91019      4.47%     95.53% |       91005      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3740      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.46% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3395      2.67%     23.37% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.59% |        3927      3.09%     36.68% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.24% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.61% |        4305      3.39%     56.00% |        3751      2.95%     58.95% |        3432      2.70%     61.65% |        3174      2.50%     64.15% |        3786      2.98%     67.13% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.66% |        3753      2.95%     75.61% |        3867      3.04%     78.66% |        3357      2.64%     81.30% |        4763      3.75%     85.05% |        4097      3.22%     88.27% |        5244      4.13%     92.40% |        5180      4.08%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108420     24.20%     24.20% |       13869      3.10%     27.30% |       11532      2.57%     29.87% |       12318      2.75%     32.62% |       11482      2.56%     35.19% |       10956      2.45%     37.63% |        9719      2.17%     39.80% |        9718      2.17%     41.97% |       11690      2.61%     44.58% |       10324      2.30%     46.89% |       13059      2.92%     49.80% |       12101      2.70%     52.50% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9917      2.21%     56.98% |        9380      2.09%     59.07% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10959      2.45%     63.69% |       10106      2.26%     65.94% |       10359      2.31%     68.26% |       10697      2.39%     70.64% |       10620      2.37%     73.02% |       11063      2.47%     75.48% |       12404      2.77%     78.25% |        9959      2.22%     80.48% |       10131      2.26%     82.74% |       10756      2.40%     85.14% |        9976      2.23%     87.37% |        9721      2.17%     89.54% |       11135      2.49%     92.02% |       10191      2.27%     94.30% |       11927      2.66%     96.96% |       13618      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66520      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46346      2.90%     16.08% |       46463      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47507      2.98%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48245      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.45% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.70% |       50288      3.15%     63.85% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50944      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172942      8.50%      8.50% |       64062      3.15%     11.65% |       58556      2.88%     14.52% |       58272      2.86%     17.39% |       57590      2.83%     20.22% |       56286      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58982      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56264      2.76%     48.36% |       56683      2.79%     51.14% |       59017      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.02% |       60878      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61229      3.01%     87.05% |       63902      3.14%     90.19% |       61726      3.03%     93.23% |       69837      3.43%     96.66% |       68022      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51112      3.99%      3.99% |       39628      3.10%      7.09% |       39652      3.10%     10.19% |       39643      3.10%     13.28% |       39620      3.10%     16.38% |       39631      3.10%     19.47% |       39635      3.10%     22.57% |       39641      3.10%     25.67% |       39647      3.10%     28.76% |       39648      3.10%     31.86% |       39649      3.10%     34.96% |       39657      3.10%     38.06% |       39629      3.10%     41.15% |       39641      3.10%     44.25% |       39642      3.10%     47.35% |       39628      3.10%     50.44% |       39668      3.10%     53.54% |       39653      3.10%     56.64% |       39659      3.10%     59.74% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39665      3.10%     69.03% |       39658      3.10%     72.13% |       39652      3.10%     75.22% |       39656      3.10%     78.32% |       39655      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39641      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39634      3.10%     93.81% |       39642      3.10%     96.90% |       39638      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7396      3.22%      3.22% |        7200      3.14%      6.36% |        7190      3.13%      9.49% |        7152      3.11%     12.60% |        7201      3.14%     15.74% |        7135      3.11%     18.84% |        7157      3.12%     21.96% |        7168      3.12%     25.08% |        7230      3.15%     28.23% |        7167      3.12%     31.35% |        7229      3.15%     34.50% |        7208      3.14%     37.64% |        7274      3.17%     40.81% |        7205      3.14%     43.94% |        7226      3.15%     47.09% |        7136      3.11%     50.20% |        7165      3.12%     53.32% |        7192      3.13%     56.45% |        7209      3.14%     59.59% |        7135      3.11%     62.70% |        7139      3.11%     65.80% |        7127      3.10%     68.91% |        7104      3.09%     72.00% |        7095      3.09%     75.09% |        7192      3.13%     78.22% |        7237      3.15%     81.37% |        7164      3.12%     84.49% |        7090      3.09%     87.58% |        7134      3.11%     90.69% |        7149      3.11%     93.80% |        7108      3.10%     96.90% |        7127      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229641                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59624      3.86%      3.86% |       47878      3.10%      6.97% |       47890      3.10%     10.07% |       47843      3.10%     13.17% |       47867      3.10%     16.27% |       47813      3.10%     19.37% |       47840      3.10%     22.47% |       47857      3.10%     25.57% |       47925      3.11%     28.67% |       47863      3.10%     31.77% |       47925      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.98% |       47951      3.11%     41.09% |       47893      3.10%     44.19% |       47915      3.10%     47.30% |       47811      3.10%     50.40% |       47880      3.10%     53.50% |       47893      3.10%     56.60% |       47915      3.10%     59.71% |       47837      3.10%     62.81% |       47824      3.10%     65.91% |       47841      3.10%     69.01% |       47810      3.10%     72.10% |       47794      3.10%     75.20% |       47895      3.10%     78.30% |       47941      3.11%     81.41% |       47864      3.10%     84.51% |       47778      3.10%     87.61% |       47829      3.10%     90.71% |       47831      3.10%     93.80% |       47799      3.10%     96.90% |       47814      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58600      3.88%      3.88% |       46854      3.10%      6.98% |       46866      3.10%     10.08% |       46819      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46833      3.10%     25.58% |       46901      3.10%     28.69% |       46839      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46869      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46856      3.10%     53.51% |       46869      3.10%     56.61% |       46891      3.10%     59.71% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46800      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46770      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46840      3.10%     84.51% |       46754      3.10%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46807      3.10%     93.81% |       46775      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     31.49%     31.49% |           0      0.00%     31.49% |           6      3.31%     34.81% |           4      2.21%     37.02% |          23     12.71%     49.72% |          24     13.26%     62.98% |           2      1.10%     64.09% |           4      2.21%     66.30% |           4      2.21%     68.51% |           1      0.55%     69.06% |           3      1.66%     70.72% |           3      1.66%     72.38% |           2      1.10%     73.48% |           0      0.00%     73.48% |           0      0.00%     73.48% |           0      0.00%     73.48% |           1      0.55%     74.03% |           1      0.55%     74.59% |           6      3.31%     77.90% |           3      1.66%     79.56% |           1      0.55%     80.11% |           3      1.66%     81.77% |           3      1.66%     83.43% |           3      1.66%     85.08% |           3      1.66%     86.74% |           3      1.66%     88.40% |           3      1.66%     90.06% |           4      2.21%     92.27% |           4      2.21%     94.48% |           4      2.21%     96.69% |           5      2.76%     99.45% |           1      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         640      3.46%      3.46% |         547      2.96%      6.42% |         529      2.86%      9.28% |         521      2.82%     12.09% |         567      3.06%     15.16% |         527      2.85%     18.00% |         565      3.05%     21.06% |         587      3.17%     24.23% |         621      3.36%     27.59% |         544      2.94%     30.53% |         610      3.30%     33.83% |         623      3.37%     37.19% |         676      3.65%     40.85% |         619      3.35%     44.19% |         636      3.44%     47.63% |         576      3.11%     50.74% |         585      3.16%     53.91% |         623      3.37%     57.27% |         615      3.32%     60.60% |         557      3.01%     63.61% |         556      3.01%     66.61% |         570      3.08%     69.69% |         537      2.90%     72.60% |         526      2.84%     75.44% |         602      3.25%     78.69% |         645      3.49%     82.18% |         587      3.17%     85.35% |         533      2.88%     88.23% |         542      2.93%     91.16% |         562      3.04%     94.20% |         544      2.94%     97.14% |         529      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173256      8.49%      8.49% |       64268      3.15%     11.63% |       58759      2.88%     14.51% |       58465      2.86%     17.38% |       57801      2.83%     20.21% |       56500      2.77%     22.98% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55301      2.71%     28.38% |       59191      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.11% |       60645      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56451      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59202      2.90%     54.04% |       58514      2.87%     56.91% |       59894      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.83% |       60908      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60551      2.97%     75.02% |       61065      2.99%     78.01% |       62471      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61418      3.01%     87.06% |       64092      3.14%     90.20% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70028      3.43%     96.66% |       68217      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.81%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.57% |         569      3.43%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.38% |         509      3.06%     63.44% |         503      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.60% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         488      2.94%     91.19% |         509      3.06%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16609                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18675      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7085      3.01%     13.93% |        7031      2.98%     16.92% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6982      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.78% |        7029      2.98%     31.77% |        7032      2.98%     34.75% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.53% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7004      2.97%     61.46% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6981      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.27% |        7002      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6983      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40407      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40365      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         563      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.82%      6.21% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         510      3.07%     14.88% |         467      2.81%     17.69% |         506      3.05%     20.73% |         528      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.11% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.46% |         561      3.38%     43.84% |         577      3.47%     47.31% |         521      3.14%     50.45% |         530      3.19%     53.64% |         568      3.42%     57.06% |         563      3.39%     60.45% |         505      3.04%     63.49% |         502      3.02%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         533      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         485      2.92%     91.21% |         507      3.05%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88062     42.06%     42.06% |        6768      3.23%     45.29% |        4440      2.12%     47.41% |        5262      2.51%     49.92% |        4467      2.13%     52.05% |        3061      1.46%     53.52% |        2708      1.29%     54.81% |        2717      1.30%     56.11% |        4655      2.22%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5976      2.85%     62.75% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3147      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.39%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2748      1.31%     70.53% |        3961      1.89%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.92% |        3303      1.58%     75.50% |        3714      1.77%     77.27% |        3639      1.74%     79.01% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5403      2.58%     83.53% |        2971      1.42%     84.95% |        3119      1.49%     86.44% |        3747      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2753      1.31%     90.98% |        4128      1.97%     92.95% |        3205      1.53%     94.48% |        4965      2.37%     96.85% |        6598      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26082      8.54%      8.54% |       10086      3.30%     11.85% |        6891      2.26%     14.11% |        5819      1.91%     16.01% |        5977      1.96%     17.97% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.59% |        5255      1.72%     23.31% |        7158      2.34%     25.66% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.13% |        6749      2.21%     39.34% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7893      2.59%     44.16% |        8063      2.64%     46.80% |        9229      3.02%     49.82% |        9835      3.22%     53.05% |        9948      3.26%     56.30% |       11697      3.83%     60.14% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10596      3.47%     70.76% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51110      3.99%      3.99% |       39622      3.10%      7.09% |       39646      3.10%     10.19% |       39638      3.10%     13.28% |       39619      3.10%     16.38% |       39626      3.10%     19.47% |       39633      3.10%     22.57% |       39637      3.10%     25.67% |       39645      3.10%     28.76% |       39646      3.10%     31.86% |       39645      3.10%     34.96% |       39656      3.10%     38.06% |       39628      3.10%     41.15% |       39640      3.10%     44.25% |       39640      3.10%     47.34% |       39627      3.10%     50.44% |       39667      3.10%     53.54% |       39652      3.10%     56.64% |       39656      3.10%     59.74% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39663      3.10%     69.03% |       39656      3.10%     72.13% |       39650      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39654      3.10%     81.42% |       39648      3.10%     84.52% |       39639      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39632      3.10%     93.81% |       39640      3.10%     96.90% |       39636      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280041                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6755      3.20%      3.20% |        6659      3.15%      6.35% |        6661      3.16%      9.51% |        6632      3.14%     12.65% |        6612      3.13%     15.78% |        6590      3.12%     18.91% |        6592      3.12%     22.03% |        6581      3.12%     25.15% |        6607      3.13%     28.28% |        6624      3.14%     31.41% |        6620      3.14%     34.55% |        6583      3.12%     37.67% |        6597      3.13%     40.79% |        6587      3.12%     43.92% |        6592      3.12%     47.04% |        6561      3.11%     50.15% |        6580      3.12%     53.26% |        6569      3.11%     56.38% |        6591      3.12%     59.50% |        6575      3.11%     62.61% |        6582      3.12%     65.73% |        6556      3.11%     68.84% |        6566      3.11%     71.95% |        6568      3.11%     75.06% |        6589      3.12%     78.18% |        6590      3.12%     81.30% |        6577      3.12%     84.42% |        6555      3.11%     87.52% |        6592      3.12%     90.65% |        6585      3.12%     93.77% |        6561      3.11%     96.87% |        6599      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172940      8.50%      8.50% |       64062      3.15%     11.65% |       58556      2.88%     14.52% |       58272      2.86%     17.39% |       57590      2.83%     20.22% |       56286      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58982      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56264      2.76%     48.36% |       56683      2.79%     51.14% |       59017      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.02% |       60878      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61229      3.01%     87.05% |       63902      3.14%     90.19% |       61726      3.03%     93.23% |       69837      3.43%     96.66% |       68022      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          78      4.01%      4.01% |          72      3.71%      7.72% |          65      3.35%     11.07% |          55      2.83%     13.90% |          79      4.07%     17.96% |          78      4.01%     21.98% |          59      3.04%     25.01% |          59      3.04%     28.05% |          77      3.96%     32.01% |          59      3.04%     35.05% |          75      3.86%     38.91% |          59      3.04%     41.95% |          59      3.04%     44.98% |          57      2.93%     47.92% |          57      2.93%     50.85% |          54      2.78%     53.63% |          55      2.83%     56.46% |          55      2.83%     59.29% |          55      2.83%     62.12% |          55      2.83%     64.95% |          55      2.83%     67.78% |          52      2.68%     70.46% |          56      2.88%     73.34% |          58      2.99%     76.33% |          56      2.88%     79.21% |          56      2.88%     82.09% |          54      2.78%     84.87% |          58      2.99%     87.85% |          57      2.93%     90.79% |          57      2.93%     93.72% |          60      3.09%     96.81% |          62      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1943                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |          10     18.52%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |          13     24.07%     53.70% |          10     18.52%     72.22% |          15     27.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           2     18.18%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           6     54.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |          14     87.50%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58600      3.88%      3.88% |       46854      3.10%      6.98% |       46866      3.10%     10.08% |       46819      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46833      3.10%     25.58% |       46901      3.10%     28.69% |       46839      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46869      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46856      3.10%     53.51% |       46869      3.10%     56.61% |       46891      3.10%     59.71% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46800      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46770      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46840      3.10%     84.51% |       46754      3.10%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46807      3.10%     93.81% |       46775      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      3.96%      3.96% |           0      0.00%      3.96% |           4      3.96%      7.92% |           3      2.97%     10.89% |          22     21.78%     32.67% |          22     21.78%     54.46% |           1      0.99%     55.45% |           3      2.97%     58.42% |           4      3.96%     62.38% |           1      0.99%     63.37% |           2      1.98%     65.35% |           3      2.97%     68.32% |           2      1.98%     70.30% |           0      0.00%     70.30% |           0      0.00%     70.30% |           0      0.00%     70.30% |           1      0.99%     71.29% |           1      0.99%     72.28% |           5      4.95%     77.23% |           3      2.97%     80.20% |           1      0.99%     81.19% |           1      0.99%     82.18% |           2      1.98%     84.16% |           2      1.98%     86.14% |           2      1.98%     88.12% |           2      1.98%     90.10% |           1      0.99%     91.09% |           2      1.98%     93.07% |           1      0.99%     94.06% |           2      1.98%     96.04% |           3      2.97%     99.01% |           1      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          74      4.02%      4.02% |          72      3.91%      7.93% |          61      3.31%     11.24% |          52      2.82%     14.06% |          57      3.09%     17.16% |          56      3.04%     20.20% |          58      3.15%     23.34% |          56      3.04%     26.38% |          73      3.96%     30.35% |          58      3.15%     33.50% |          73      3.96%     37.46% |          56      3.04%     40.50% |          57      3.09%     43.59% |          57      3.09%     46.69% |          57      3.09%     49.78% |          54      2.93%     52.71% |          54      2.93%     55.65% |          54      2.93%     58.58% |          50      2.71%     61.29% |          52      2.82%     64.12% |          54      2.93%     67.05% |          51      2.77%     69.82% |          54      2.93%     72.75% |          56      3.04%     75.79% |          54      2.93%     78.72% |          54      2.93%     81.65% |          53      2.88%     84.53% |          56      3.04%     87.57% |          56      3.04%     90.61% |          55      2.99%     93.59% |          57      3.09%     96.69% |          61      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         563      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.82%      6.21% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         510      3.07%     14.88% |         467      2.81%     17.69% |         506      3.05%     20.73% |         528      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.11% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.46% |         561      3.38%     43.84% |         577      3.47%     47.31% |         521      3.14%     50.45% |         530      3.19%     53.64% |         568      3.42%     57.06% |         563      3.39%     60.45% |         505      3.04%     63.49% |         502      3.02%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         533      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         485      2.92%     91.21% |         507      3.05%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18675      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7085      3.01%     13.93% |        7031      2.98%     16.92% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6982      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.78% |        7029      2.98%     31.77% |        7032      2.98%     34.75% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.53% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7004      2.97%     61.46% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6981      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.27% |        7002      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6983      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         511      3.08%     14.76% |         466      2.81%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.60% |         528      3.18%     23.78% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.43%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         509      3.06%     63.44% |         503      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         488      2.94%     91.18% |         509      3.06%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40407      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40365      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173252      8.49%      8.49% |       64262      3.15%     11.63% |       58757      2.88%     14.51% |       58459      2.86%     17.38% |       57800      2.83%     20.21% |       56500      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55301      2.71%     28.38% |       59191      2.90%     31.28% |       57719      2.83%     34.11% |       60644      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56448      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59202      2.90%     54.04% |       58514      2.87%     56.91% |       59885      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.83% |       60908      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60551      2.97%     75.02% |       61064      2.99%     78.01% |       62469      3.06%     81.07% |       60796      2.98%     84.05% |       61417      3.01%     87.06% |       64092      3.14%     90.20% |       61915      3.03%     93.23% |       70027      3.43%     96.66% |       68217      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041427                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          21     91.30%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      120965     21.43%     21.43% |      282225     50.00%     71.43% |       20314      3.60%     75.03% |       20949      3.71%     78.74% |       19848      3.52%     82.26% |       21606      3.83%     86.09% |       19627      3.48%     89.56% |       21441      3.80%     93.36% |       18396      3.26%     96.62% |       19079      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       564450                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      120965     21.43%     21.43% |      282225     50.00%     71.43% |       20314      3.60%     75.03% |       20949      3.71%     78.74% |       19848      3.52%     82.26% |       21606      3.83%     86.09% |       19627      3.48%     89.56% |       21441      3.80%     93.36% |       18396      3.26%     96.62% |       19079      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       564450                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      120965     21.43%     21.43% |      282225     50.00%     71.43% |       20314      3.60%     75.03% |       20949      3.71%     78.74% |       19848      3.52%     82.26% |       21606      3.83%     86.09% |       19627      3.48%     89.56% |       21441      3.80%     93.36% |       18396      3.26%     96.62% |       19079      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       564450                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      120965     21.43%     21.43% |      282225     50.00%     71.43% |       20314      3.60%     75.03% |       20949      3.71%     78.74% |       19848      3.52%     82.26% |       21606      3.83%     86.09% |       19627      3.48%     89.56% |       21441      3.80%     93.36% |       18396      3.26%     96.62% |       19079      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       564450                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
