
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.131445                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                131445234500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5307613313000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33133                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57077                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               99779847                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4260316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1317.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43647337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75190703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21451200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21451200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13537152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13537152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163194962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            163194962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    102987012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           102987012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    266181974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           266181974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335175                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211518                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335175                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211518                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21449792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13536960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21451200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13537152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     8507                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2758                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 131444688500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335175                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211518                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 185468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  17412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  14591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  12630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  11557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  10996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   7163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  5983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  9193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  38666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  39967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  40503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  40594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  40259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   3041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   5230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       153115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.489384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.734710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.904165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52577     34.34%     34.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31031     20.27%     54.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52454     34.26%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5756      3.76%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3970      2.59%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2105      1.37%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1380      0.90%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1048      0.68%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2794      1.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       153115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.610009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.146585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        38909     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        38924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.434051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.297378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.642492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36771     94.47%     94.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1269      3.26%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          447      1.15%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          437      1.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        38924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 14996659188                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21280777938                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    44745.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               63495.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      163.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      102.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   163.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   102.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  254228                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 139314                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    240436.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041537250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    99009362750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              585287640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              572201280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              319353375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              312213000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314042600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299745200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            687949200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682493040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        50205341790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49773672810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34824194250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35202851250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96521170215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          96428177940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.336653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.629164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20798464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20798464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12910400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12910400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158229122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158229122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98218852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98218852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    256447973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           256447973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324976                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201725                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201725                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20797312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12910400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20798464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12910400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     4559                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2251                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 131444410500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201725                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 181490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  14480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  13537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  12340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  5231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  36807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  38173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  38528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  38762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  38693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       126248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.982321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.235697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   202.280298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25941     20.55%     20.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30150     23.88%     44.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52243     41.38%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5083      4.03%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4580      3.63%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2227      1.76%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1503      1.19%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1138      0.90%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3383      2.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       126248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.763323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.522131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37044     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           34      0.09%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.440264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.297624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.669548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34749     93.71%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1465      3.95%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          464      1.25%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          402      1.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13203690403                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            19296652903                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    40631.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               59381.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255290                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 145138                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    249561.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549207750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    98501702500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              484444800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              469952280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              264330000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              256422375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275261000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259037000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656488800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650494800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49643830800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48704550030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35316753750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36140684250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          96226110510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          96066142095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.091772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.874727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20797184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20797184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12910848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12910848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158219384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158219384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98222260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98222260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    256441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           256441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20796224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12910656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20797184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12910848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     3948                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2071                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 131445144500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324956                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201732                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 181469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  14762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  14426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  13186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  12155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   9281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   8184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   7081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  36787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  38086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  38491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  38633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  38768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   3224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   4154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       126161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.160343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.533013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.546770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26172     20.74%     20.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29067     23.04%     43.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53118     42.10%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5089      4.03%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4605      3.65%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2151      1.70%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1486      1.18%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1100      0.87%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3373      2.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       126161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.767377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.591504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37021     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           37      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.443308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.299399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.676789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34689     93.60%     93.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1471      3.97%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          501      1.35%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          399      1.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 13008733136                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            19101376886                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    40034.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               58784.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255078                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               72.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    249569.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    98646998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              484376760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              469355040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              264292875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              256096500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275105000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259044800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656404560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650611440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        49376045655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        48448383480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35551647750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36365386500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          96192873960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          96033879120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.838956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.629317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20775488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20775488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12909632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12909632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158054326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158054326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98213009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98213009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    256267335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           256267335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324617                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324617                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20774592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12909504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20775488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12909632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3795                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1999                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 131444414000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324617                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201713                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 181317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  14837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  14682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  13363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  12188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   8021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   7012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  4428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  36809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  38124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  38593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  38657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  38812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   3139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   4117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       125097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.248471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.737264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   202.021698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25081     20.05%     20.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29252     23.38%     43.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52905     42.29%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5138      4.11%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4502      3.60%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2211      1.77%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1497      1.20%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1155      0.92%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3356      2.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       125097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.752461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.977682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37052     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           30      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.439153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.296984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.664909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34764     93.74%     93.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1440      3.88%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          500      1.35%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          381      1.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12975515981                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            19061822231                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    39973.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               58723.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  255029                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 146180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    249737.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931469500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    99119430500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              480105360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              465597720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              261962250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              254046375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273256400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258241400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656313840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650566080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49150081980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        48402652095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35749860750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36405501000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          96156581940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          96021606030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.562852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.535950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11833517                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 40.116169                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.735254                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                78.705576                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11597005     98.00%     98.00% |      118869      1.00%     99.01% |       83518      0.71%     99.71% |       33550      0.28%    100.00% |         574      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11833517                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33130169                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.018785                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.527375                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.224351                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    31255340     94.34%     94.34% |     1345426      4.06%     98.40% |       45026      0.14%     98.54% |       62957      0.19%     98.73% |       38854      0.12%     98.85% |       46532      0.14%     98.99% |       46143      0.14%     99.12% |      111967      0.34%     99.46% |      177924      0.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33130169                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33130168                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              18.494870                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.805522                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             98.293439                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33081689     99.85%     99.85% |       39320      0.12%     99.97% |        4989      0.02%     99.99% |        3090      0.01%    100.00% |         958      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33130168                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        31209852                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000174                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000150                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013188                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    31204429     99.98%     99.98% |        5421      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          31209852                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920316                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        270.321745                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       181.479149                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       315.226302                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1871837     97.48%     97.48% |       39320      2.05%     99.52% |        4989      0.26%     99.78% |        3090      0.16%     99.94% |         958      0.05%     99.99% |         111      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920316                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         276720                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       276720                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           64                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           45                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24132992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173337                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25306329                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      7075476                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125754                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7201230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       488985                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        45087                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       152421                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2086186                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70103                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        20672                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        20364                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        20752                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        20364                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        20841                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        20871                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        20592                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        21203                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58046                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54920                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51917                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51869                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50385                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14141                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54771                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52651                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61595                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40559                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19045                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19810                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40597                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27985                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40559                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49715                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40584                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        48470                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     19145176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     19145176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19415936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     19145176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8307644                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8270140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     19145176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.072826                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      8304967                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      8304967                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8555307                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8304967                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4306764                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4235435                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      8304967                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031591                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5877285                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5877285                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6095732                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5877285                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2400182                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2382197                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5877285                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4927752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4927752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5136858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4927752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2099419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2085804                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4927752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018745                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6840884                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6840884                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7104481                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6840884                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3300148                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3255876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6840884                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.026022                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6768400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6768400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7009279                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6768400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3162335                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3137312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6768400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025746                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7620241                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7620241                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7941244                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7620241                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2929269                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2886465                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7620241                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028986                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5016046                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5016046                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5317890                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5016046                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2111353                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2067290                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5016046                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3339940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3339940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3471369                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3339940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1478083                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1462100                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3339940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012705                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4580556                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4580556                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4818579                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4580556                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2173026                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2140320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4580556                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017424                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3144929                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3144929                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3226237                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3144929                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1273071                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262557                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3144929                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011963                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2727680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2727680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2742137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2727680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1089673                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089332                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2727680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010376                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3793640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3793640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3813137                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3793640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1676986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3793640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014430                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890644                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890644                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2906244                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890644                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167940                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167576                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890644                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010996                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1689295                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1689295                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1708234                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1689295                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       658462                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657255                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1689295                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006426                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2499989                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2499989                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2541209                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2499989                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       989241                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       986673                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2499989                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009510                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515900                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515900                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565540                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515900                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1301107                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1297284                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515900                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013374                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2671510                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2671510                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2727504                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2671510                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1027001                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022066                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2671510                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010162                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2665791                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2665791                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2727512                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2665791                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1069774                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065103                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2665791                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010140                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584432                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584432                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1595598                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584432                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628040                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627664                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584432                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006027                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453495                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633194                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633159                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050177                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050177                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2053474                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050177                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956609                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956237                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050177                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007799                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703897                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703897                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1707870                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703897                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742717                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742641                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703897                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006481                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059584                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059584                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059584                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059584                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433948                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433948                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059584                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004031                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394532                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394532                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1397150                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394532                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581410                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394532                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005305                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1882880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1882880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1886233                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1882880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862743                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1882880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007162                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1642432                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702482                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702417                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006233                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431886                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431886                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6154984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6154984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6425051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6154984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2526114                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2520376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6154984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023413                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6140151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6140151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6352952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6140151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2478538                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6140151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023356                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6267321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6267321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6509374                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6267321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2493787                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2482981                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6267321                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023840                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6404326                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6404326                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6628318                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6404326                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2580050                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2566890                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6404326                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024361                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    10536823     29.22%     29.22% |    23709412     65.75%     94.97% |     1812108      5.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     36058343                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    10536823     29.22%     29.22% |    23709412     65.75%     94.97% |     1812108      5.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     36058343                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   331580547                       |   578228679                       |    39984890                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   355052029                       |    92069651                       |     1812108                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.468740                       |   24.388149                       |   22.065401                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   33.696308                       |    3.883253                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.340481                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    12.450206                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         38.790687                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002135                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.048243      7.34%      7.34% |    0.047954      7.29%     14.63% |    0.047883      7.28%     21.91% |    0.047679      7.25%     29.16% |    0.109114     16.59%     45.75% |    0.106757     16.23%     61.99% |    0.109052     16.58%     78.57% |    0.106707     16.23%     94.80% |    0.008547      1.30%     96.10% |    0.008548      1.30%     97.40% |    0.008549      1.30%     98.70% |    0.008548      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.657581                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016263                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028774                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004901                       |    0.001989                       |    0.001870                       |    0.001954                       |    0.001968                       |    0.001887                       |    0.001799                       |    0.001791                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001915                       |    0.001989                       |    0.001918                       |    0.001851                       |    0.001834                       |    0.001848                       |    0.001814                       |    0.001914                       |    0.001865                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001976                       |    0.001983                       |    0.002199                       |    0.002071                       |    0.001959                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001927                       |    0.001940                       |    0.001962                       |    0.002024                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002224                       |    0.002101                       |    0.007643                       |    0.007409                       |    0.007409                       |    0.007401                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000847                       |    0.001900                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000132                       |    0.000135                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002103                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002075                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001770                       |    0.002012                       |    0.000127                       |    0.002327                       |    0.004774                       |    0.001694                       |           0                       |    0.002134                       |    0.005672                       |           0                       |    0.004990                       |    0.008224                       |    0.002393                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000132                       |    0.004931                       |    0.003982                       |    0.009560                       |    0.001770                       |    0.002040                       |    0.000133                       |    0.007636                       |    0.004155                       |    0.003009                       |           0                       |    0.002151                       |    0.005445                       |           0                       |    0.008120                       |    0.004571                       |    0.003070                       |           0                       |    0.002024                       |           0                       |    0.003889                       |    0.002291                       |    0.002172                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001249                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001118                       |    0.002199                       |    0.002231                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001998                       |    0.000131                       |    0.002422                       |    0.004161                       |    0.004902                       |    0.002040                       |    0.001770                       |    0.002058                       |    0.000132                       |    0.004041                       |    0.008407                       |    0.006638                       |    0.002976                       |    0.029229                       |    0.004342                       |    0.000847                       |    0.003329                       |    0.013758                       |    0.017469                       |    0.003852                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002097                       |    0.001900                       |    0.003389                       |    0.007053                       |    0.013332                       |    0.003819                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001971                       |    0.000132                       |    0.005865                       |    0.005009                       |    0.007413                       |    0.003586                       |           0                       |    0.001954                       |           0                       |    0.001916                       |    0.003778                       |    0.003835                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.002039                       |           0                       |    0.001043                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002153                       |           0                       |    0.002149                       |           0                       |    0.000190                       |    0.002071                       |    0.002072                       |           0                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.001911                       |    0.002179                       |    0.003841                       |    0.001953                       |           0                       |    0.002347                       |    0.005445                       |           0                       |    0.001702                       |    0.004978                       |    0.007452                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001898                       |    0.000132                       |    0.015052                       |    0.004914                       |    0.003216                       |    0.002004                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001900                       |    0.000135                       |    0.002214                       |    0.007432                       |    0.003669                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |    0.005442                       |           0                       |    0.002380                       |    0.008068                       |    0.004273                       |    0.002000                       |           0                       |    0.001925                       |           0                       |    0.001067                       |    0.003775                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002089                       |           0                       |    0.002069                       |           0                       |    0.000150                       |    0.001940                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |    0.002072                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001959                       |           0                       |    0.001953                       |           0                       |    0.000885                       |           0                       |    0.003588                       |           0                       |    0.001917                       |           0                       |    0.002476                       |    0.000666                       |    0.004451                       |           0                       |    0.002004                       |           0                       |    0.007153                       |    0.002191                       |    0.002025                       |           0                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.000885                       |    0.005005                       |    0.002311                       |           0                       |    0.002000                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |    0.004311                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002089                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003938                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001962                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.657581                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6838838                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6838838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4263754                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3628145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.092738                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          529245                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14142237                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84182                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19157363                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182122                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14226419                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19339485                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  33299600                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266304                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              33565904                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7208464                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7218114                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7208464                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7218114                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                259143631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24724317                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51592595                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6838838                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4157390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             228876710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427541                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340467                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7207790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    255162401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.363535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.517013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        237940335     93.25%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2348516      0.92%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1320126      0.52%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1068521      0.42%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1906738      0.75%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1510041      0.59%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1205169      0.47%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           745721      0.29%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7117234      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    255162401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.199089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12057040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     230080476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6905618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5664792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       88131769                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14424493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       123465007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15552307                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10041200                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      91224919                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       86053084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2674908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     84868586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     207857295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    136050182                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      72635830                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232743                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395075                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41124936                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7332014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19534729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       942334                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       751378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           84309326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       512869                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          88726051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371860                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128992                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255162401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.347724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.033853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217307494     85.16%     85.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14640501      5.74%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11532251      4.52%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3712682      1.46%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3375851      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2357537      0.92%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394810      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507147      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334128      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255162401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135467     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928734     76.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156284     12.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574091      0.65%      0.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      54513264     61.44%     62.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14145300     15.94%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19385040     21.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       88726051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.342382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220485                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434154976                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     94203030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80391508                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       89372426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1370073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2710                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9253                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8036888                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5201199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115464459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84822195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7332014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19534729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       503857                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          79172                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9253                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335118                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      88017359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13946353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             33124871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5414272                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19178518                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.339647                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80508582                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80391520                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          36091571                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          57478579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.310220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.627913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629919                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       383877                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253579548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.296517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.034742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    222336816     87.68%     87.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11580235      4.57%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11553325      4.56%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3077493      1.21%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1375538      0.54%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       526377      0.21%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674473      0.27%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551867      0.22%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1903424      0.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253579548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43647336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75190700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24774192                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5991492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4941492                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74577697                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       443677                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49986601     66.48%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5991492      7.97%     75.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18782700     24.98%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75190700                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1903424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            336294424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           171230039                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3981230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43647336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75190700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       5.937215                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 5.937215                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.168429                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.168429                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        141659915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55157039                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27385445                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22607910                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        44415396                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2111233500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2111233499.999998                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502144                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        56.625041                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       31.270097                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      112.527778                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5265650     95.70%     95.70% |      118851      2.16%     97.86% |       83518      1.52%     99.38% |       33550      0.61%     99.99% |         574      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502144                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313391                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.779461                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.339086                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.457285                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     6262900     99.20%     99.20% |       48288      0.76%     99.97% |        2134      0.03%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313391                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17982                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.267823                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.961785                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.115531                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         618      3.44%      3.44% |        2086     11.60%     15.04% |        8216     45.69%     60.73% |        4229     23.52%     84.25% |        2812     15.64%     99.88% |          20      0.11%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17982                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6703575                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           40.751555                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.788984                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         169.607667                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6674607     99.57%     99.57% |       22125      0.33%     99.90% |        3631      0.05%     99.95% |        2333      0.03%     99.99% |         793      0.01%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6703575                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5971330                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000599                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000517                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024488                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5967753     99.94%     99.94% |        3575      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5971330                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732245                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     348.604004                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    216.799584                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    396.181755                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      703277     96.04%     96.04% |       22125      3.02%     99.07% |        3631      0.50%     99.56% |        2333      0.32%     99.88% |         793      0.11%     99.99% |          81      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732245                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18930477                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.030174                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.753108                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          79.813290                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18910971     99.90%     99.90% |       17190      0.09%     99.99% |        1358      0.01%     99.99% |         757      0.00%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18930477                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17896830                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000097                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009834                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17895099     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17896830                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033647                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     241.636278                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    181.274572                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    250.653238                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1014141     98.11%     98.11% |       17190      1.66%     99.78% |        1358      0.13%     99.91% |         757      0.07%     99.98% |         165      0.02%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7201230                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.485398                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.174805                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.753933                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7197989     99.95%     99.95% |        2982      0.04%    100.00% |         229      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7201230                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      7075476                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7075474    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      7075476                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125754                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.060467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.839186                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.023295                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      122513     97.42%     97.42% |        2982      2.37%     99.79% |         229      0.18%     99.98% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125754                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.915294                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168693                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.677920                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287275     97.85%     97.85% |        4936      1.68%     99.53% |        1115      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264827     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.634742                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.344348                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.544604                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4936     17.23%     95.22% |        1115      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          50      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       198091                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3915998                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        24666                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    43620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    44314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    43745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    44776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    43633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    43356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    43567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    42992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  34236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  33542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  34111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  33080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  34223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  34500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  34289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  34864                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     9409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     9231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     9327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     9096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     9242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     9402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     9469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     9578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                90528137                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                88846375                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                91184536                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                88715262                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                91125061                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                87355627                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                91402469                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                91189055                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                34694                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                35258                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                34485                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                35323                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                34388                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                34256                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                34945                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                33750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              24474                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              23910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              24683                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              23845                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              24780                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              24912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              24223                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              25418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                9056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                9260                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                9453                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                9245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                9100                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                8622                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                9242                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              9762                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              9632                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              9428                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              9235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              9443                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              9588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             10066                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              9446                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4093105                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                4036937                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4092715                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                4028759                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4080931                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4083426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4106854                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                4116962                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               3873910                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               3800196                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               3873187                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               3785980                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               3853294                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               3856746                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3870374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               3888778                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1365118                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1384285                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              1338007                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1330070                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1333390                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1342053                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              1384131                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1344143                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          3873910                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          3800196                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          3873187                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          3785980                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          3853294                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          3856746                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3870374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          3888778                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1365118                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1384285                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1338007                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1330070                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1333390                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1342053                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1384131                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1344143                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4032593                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            3976425                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4032203                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            3968247                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4020419                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4022914                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4046342                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            4056450                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4053340                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          4003181                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4071311                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          3988507                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          4055829                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4051160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          4089781                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4066147                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             24827                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             24311                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             24784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             23984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             24981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             25098                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             24820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             25286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2966                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3011                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3210                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2993                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2999                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              3197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6767                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              7485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              6503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335150     25.59%     25.59% |      324976     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.21% |      324617     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309699                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205702     25.93%     25.93% |      195903     24.69%     50.62% |      195907     24.69%     75.31% |      195886     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335175     25.59%     25.59% |      324976     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.21% |      324617     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211518     25.90%     25.90% |      201725     24.70%     50.60% |      201732     24.70%     75.30% |      201713     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       816688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121256     25.08%     25.08% |      120881     25.00%     50.08% |      120857     24.99%     75.07% |      120539     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483533                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335150     25.59%     25.59% |      324976     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.21% |      324617     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309699                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205465     25.92%     25.92% |      195725     24.69%     50.61% |      195732     24.69%     75.31% |      195713     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       792635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121256     25.08%     25.08% |      120881     25.00%     50.08% |      120857     24.99%     75.07% |      120539     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483533                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335150     25.59%     25.59% |      324976     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.21% |      324617     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309699                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205465     25.92%     25.92% |      195725     24.69%     50.61% |      195732     24.69%     75.31% |      195713     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       792635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6236152     92.95%     92.95% |          17      0.00%     92.95% |       59147      0.88%     93.83% |       59153      0.88%     94.71% |       59144      0.88%     95.59% |       59140      0.88%     96.47% |       59146      0.88%     97.36% |       59145      0.88%     98.24% |       59148      0.88%     99.12% |       59142      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6709334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7201292    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7201292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19080073     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |       18688      0.10%     99.32% |       18688      0.10%     99.42% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.71% |       18688      0.10%     99.81% |       18688      0.10%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19229577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17925     99.82%     99.82% |          17      0.09%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.01%     99.92% |           7      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297088     67.76%     67.76% |           0      0.00%     67.76% |       77145      4.03%     71.79% |       77144      4.03%     75.82% |       77154      4.03%     79.85% |       77150      4.03%     83.88% |       77143      4.03%     87.91% |       77151      4.03%     91.94% |       77142      4.03%     95.97% |       77159      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           4     17.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260083     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58956      8.06%     43.60% |       58964      8.06%     51.65% |       58967      8.06%     59.71% |       58962      8.06%     67.77% |       58959      8.06%     75.83% |       58965      8.06%     83.88% |       58959      8.06%     91.94% |       58970      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038986     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18688      1.57%     90.57% |       18685      1.57%     92.14% |       18688      1.57%     93.71% |       18688      1.57%     95.28% |       18688      1.57%     96.86% |       18687      1.57%     98.43% |       18687      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170607     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77132      4.31%     69.80% |       77140      4.32%     74.11% |       77139      4.31%     78.43% |       77135      4.31%     82.74% |       77135      4.31%     87.06% |       77141      4.32%     91.37% |       77134      4.31%     95.69% |       77139      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259963     35.53%     35.53% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58956      8.06%     43.59% |       58964      8.06%     51.65% |       58967      8.06%     59.71% |       58966      8.06%     67.77% |       58959      8.06%     75.82% |       58965      8.06%     83.88% |       58962      8.06%     91.94% |       58970      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122047    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.44% |       18685      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       18688      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18687      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           7      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           3      0.03%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         556    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3707    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          31    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1655     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           1      0.06%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     7075476    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      7075476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4652     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3274669     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         180      0.01%     99.96% |         172      0.01%     99.97% |         169      0.01%     99.97% |         170      0.01%     99.98% |         177      0.01%     99.98% |         171      0.01%     99.99% |         174      0.01%     99.99% |         166      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3276048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1952     99.90%     99.90% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194942     29.37%     29.37% |           0      0.00%     29.37% |       58598      8.83%     38.20% |       58598      8.83%     47.03% |       58600      8.83%     55.86% |       58593      8.83%     64.68% |       58593      8.83%     73.51% |       58599      8.83%     82.34% |       58609      8.83%     91.17% |       58616      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2688083    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2688083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18099909    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18099914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         261    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975665     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18534      1.65%     88.46% |       18542      1.65%     90.11% |       18539      1.65%     91.75% |       18542      1.65%     93.40% |       18542      1.65%     95.05% |       18542      1.65%     96.70% |       18525      1.65%     98.35% |       18523      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     97.81%     97.81% |           0      0.00%     97.81% |          13      0.39%     98.19% |           4      0.12%     98.31% |          14      0.41%     98.73% |           6      0.18%     98.90% |           8      0.24%     99.14% |          10      0.30%     99.44% |           5      0.15%     99.59% |          14      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260083     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58956      8.06%     43.60% |       58964      8.06%     51.65% |       58967      8.06%     59.71% |       58962      8.06%     67.77% |       58959      8.06%     75.83% |       58965      8.06%     83.88% |       58959      8.06%     91.94% |       58970      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126190    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35     94.59%     94.59% |           0      0.00%     94.59% |           0      0.00%     94.59% |           0      0.00%     94.59% |           0      0.00%     94.59% |           2      5.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912796     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.45% |       18685      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       18688      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18687      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.66%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |          11      0.19%     98.85% |          17      0.30%     99.15% |           8      0.14%     99.29% |           4      0.07%     99.36% |          10      0.17%     99.53% |           9      0.16%     99.69% |          12      0.21%     99.90% |           6      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170607     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77132      4.31%     69.80% |       77140      4.32%     74.11% |       77139      4.31%     78.43% |       77135      4.31%     82.74% |       77135      4.31%     87.06% |       77141      4.32%     91.37% |       77134      4.31%     95.69% |       77139      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3611      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3753      2.98%     20.65% |        3353      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.99% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3138      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3421      2.72%     72.58% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4112      3.27%     88.24% |        5244      4.17%     92.41% |        5087      4.04%     96.45% |        4467      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114155     15.59%     15.59% |       20771      2.84%     18.42% |       18704      2.55%     20.98% |       21408      2.92%     23.90% |       20936      2.86%     26.76% |       19807      2.70%     29.47% |       18237      2.49%     31.96% |       18196      2.48%     34.44% |       20757      2.83%     37.27% |       19040      2.60%     39.87% |       22395      3.06%     42.93% |       20498      2.80%     45.73% |       19009      2.60%     48.33% |       18489      2.52%     50.85% |       18192      2.48%     53.34% |       18186      2.48%     55.82% |       20293      2.77%     58.59% |       18687      2.55%     61.14% |       18871      2.58%     63.72% |       19913      2.72%     66.44% |       19857      2.71%     69.15% |       26186      3.58%     72.73% |       23104      3.15%     75.88% |       19558      2.67%     78.55% |       19507      2.66%     81.22% |       18925      2.58%     83.80% |       18455      2.52%     86.32% |       18172      2.48%     88.80% |       20084      2.74%     91.54% |       19393      2.65%     94.19% |       21161      2.89%     97.08% |       21373      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57707      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30806      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30305      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34687      3.27%     63.16% |       37247      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33993      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171535      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49094      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49323      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51360      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53861      3.01%     37.84% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46422      2.60%     51.26% |       50391      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.70%     56.77% |       49713      2.78%     59.55% |       53823      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63142      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53301      2.98%     78.31% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52122      2.92%     87.02% |       55325      3.09%     90.12% |       54977      3.08%     93.19% |       63282      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34170      4.31%      4.31% |       24444      3.08%      7.40% |       24462      3.09%     10.48% |       24453      3.09%     13.57% |       24442      3.08%     16.65% |       24441      3.08%     19.74% |       24447      3.08%     22.82% |       24448      3.09%     25.91% |       24472      3.09%     29.00% |       24469      3.09%     32.08% |       24469      3.09%     35.17% |       24477      3.09%     38.26% |       24457      3.09%     41.35% |       24464      3.09%     44.43% |       24460      3.09%     47.52% |       24454      3.09%     50.61% |       24479      3.09%     53.69% |       24468      3.09%     56.78% |       24475      3.09%     59.87% |       24471      3.09%     62.96% |       24458      3.09%     66.05% |       24477      3.09%     69.13% |       24468      3.09%     72.22% |       24459      3.09%     75.31% |       24471      3.09%     78.40% |       24469      3.09%     81.48% |       24462      3.09%     84.57% |       24456      3.09%     87.66% |       24461      3.09%     90.74% |       24445      3.08%     93.83% |       24454      3.09%     96.91% |       24457      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15538      3.21%      3.21% |       15114      3.12%      6.34% |       15126      3.13%      9.46% |       15100      3.12%     12.59% |       15073      3.12%     15.70% |       15038      3.11%     18.81% |       15082      3.12%     21.93% |       15089      3.12%     25.05% |       15129      3.13%     28.18% |       15083      3.12%     31.29% |       15132      3.13%     34.42% |       15082      3.12%     37.54% |       15159      3.13%     40.67% |       15125      3.13%     43.80% |       15127      3.13%     46.93% |       15067      3.11%     50.04% |       15105      3.12%     53.17% |       15121      3.13%     56.29% |       15133      3.13%     59.42% |       15069      3.12%     62.54% |       15102      3.12%     65.66% |       15156      3.13%     68.79% |       15092      3.12%     71.91% |       15057      3.11%     75.02% |       15135      3.13%     78.15% |       15186      3.14%     81.29% |       15121      3.13%     84.42% |       15058      3.11%     87.53% |       15070      3.12%     90.65% |       15106      3.12%     93.77% |       15079      3.12%     96.89% |       15055      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50820      3.88%      3.88% |       40606      3.10%      6.98% |       40634      3.10%     10.08% |       40599      3.10%     13.18% |       40560      3.10%     16.28% |       40524      3.09%     19.37% |       40575      3.10%     22.47% |       40583      3.10%     25.57% |       40647      3.10%     28.67% |       40598      3.10%     31.77% |       40646      3.10%     34.88% |       40604      3.10%     37.98% |       40661      3.10%     41.08% |       40634      3.10%     44.19% |       40632      3.10%     47.29% |       40566      3.10%     50.38% |       40629      3.10%     53.49% |       40635      3.10%     56.59% |       40654      3.10%     59.69% |       40586      3.10%     62.79% |       40606      3.10%     65.89% |       40680      3.11%     69.00% |       40606      3.10%     72.10% |       40561      3.10%     75.20% |       40651      3.10%     78.30% |       40702      3.11%     81.41% |       40629      3.10%     84.51% |       40559      3.10%     87.61% |       40576      3.10%     90.71% |       40597      3.10%     93.80% |       40580      3.10%     96.90% |       40559      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309699                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49796      3.90%      3.90% |       39582      3.10%      7.00% |       39610      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39536      3.10%     16.30% |       39500      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39559      3.10%     25.59% |       39623      3.10%     28.69% |       39574      3.10%     31.79% |       39622      3.10%     34.89% |       39580      3.10%     37.99% |       39637      3.10%     41.09% |       39610      3.10%     44.20% |       39608      3.10%     47.30% |       39542      3.10%     50.39% |       39605      3.10%     53.50% |       39611      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39562      3.10%     62.80% |       39582      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.01% |       39582      3.10%     72.11% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39627      3.10%     78.30% |       39678      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.51% |       39535      3.10%     87.61% |       39552      3.10%     90.71% |       39573      3.10%     93.81% |       39556      3.10%     96.90% |       39535      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     20.58%     20.58% |           6      2.17%     22.74% |           9      3.25%     25.99% |           6      2.17%     28.16% |           7      2.53%     30.69% |           3      1.08%     31.77% |           4      1.44%     33.21% |           6      2.17%     35.38% |           7      2.53%     37.91% |           5      1.81%     39.71% |           8      2.89%     42.60% |           5      1.81%     44.40% |           7      2.53%     46.93% |           4      1.44%     48.38% |           5      1.81%     50.18% |           5      1.81%     51.99% |           5      1.81%     53.79% |           6      2.17%     55.96% |           9      3.25%     59.21% |           8      2.89%     62.09% |          24      8.66%     70.76% |          23      8.30%     79.06% |           5      1.81%     80.87% |           6      2.17%     83.03% |           6      2.17%     85.20% |           5      1.81%     87.00% |           6      2.17%     89.17% |           6      2.17%     91.34% |           7      2.53%     93.86% |           6      2.17%     96.03% |           6      2.17%     98.19% |           5      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          277                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         580      3.28%      3.28% |         516      2.92%      6.20% |         503      2.85%      9.05% |         509      2.88%     11.93% |         503      2.85%     14.77% |         492      2.78%     17.56% |         533      3.02%     20.57% |         547      3.10%     23.67% |         567      3.21%     26.88% |         503      2.85%     29.72% |         557      3.15%     32.88% |         554      3.13%     36.01% |         607      3.43%     39.44% |         580      3.28%     42.73% |         575      3.25%     45.98% |         550      3.11%     49.09% |         577      3.26%     52.36% |         596      3.37%     55.73% |         589      3.33%     59.06% |         539      3.05%     62.11% |         527      2.98%     65.09% |         612      3.46%     68.56% |         555      3.14%     71.70% |         528      2.99%     74.68% |         579      3.28%     77.96% |         636      3.60%     81.56% |         582      3.29%     84.85% |         534      3.02%     87.87% |         510      2.89%     90.76% |         568      3.21%     93.97% |         543      3.07%     97.05% |         522      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17673                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171796      9.58%      9.58% |       54290      3.03%     12.60% |       49295      2.75%     15.35% |       52999      2.95%     18.30% |       53509      2.98%     21.29% |       49518      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45966      2.56%     29.17% |       51558      2.87%     32.04% |       49821      2.78%     34.82% |       54066      3.01%     37.83% |       51030      2.84%     40.68% |       48296      2.69%     43.37% |       46916      2.62%     45.98% |       47892      2.67%     48.65% |       46614      2.60%     51.25% |       50589      2.82%     54.07% |       48377      2.70%     56.77% |       49910      2.78%     59.55% |       54020      3.01%     62.56% |       54526      3.04%     65.60% |       63387      3.53%     69.13% |       58005      3.23%     72.37% |       53247      2.97%     75.33% |       53494      2.98%     78.32% |       51442      2.87%     81.18% |       52510      2.93%     84.11% |       52313      2.92%     87.03% |       55516      3.09%     90.12% |       55171      3.08%     93.20% |       63476      3.54%     96.73% |       58597      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.76% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.18%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.22% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.88%     74.47% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.69%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         512      3.26%     94.01% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15685                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25555      5.07%      5.07% |       15487      3.07%      8.14% |       15522      3.08%     11.22% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15441      3.06%     17.35% |       15420      3.06%     20.40% |       15428      3.06%     23.46% |       15426      3.06%     26.52% |       15461      3.07%     29.59% |       15473      3.07%     32.66% |       15496      3.07%     35.73% |       15419      3.06%     38.79% |       15436      3.06%     41.85% |       15440      3.06%     44.91% |       15453      3.06%     47.97% |       15412      3.06%     51.03% |       15431      3.06%     54.09% |       15423      3.06%     57.15% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15428      3.06%     63.27% |       15444      3.06%     66.33% |       15462      3.07%     69.40% |       15459      3.07%     72.46% |       15436      3.06%     75.52% |       15447      3.06%     78.59% |       15444      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15410      3.06%     87.76% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15413      3.06%     93.88% |       15412      3.06%     96.94% |       15438      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24762      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.81% |         450      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.44% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.96% |         490      3.12%     49.08% |         513      3.27%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88534     38.92%     38.92% |        5262      2.31%     41.23% |        3168      1.39%     42.63% |        5909      2.60%     45.22% |        5484      2.41%     47.63% |        4301      1.89%     49.52% |        2791      1.23%     50.75% |        2762      1.21%     51.97% |        5291      2.33%     54.29% |        3565      1.57%     55.86% |        6868      3.02%     58.88% |        5073      2.23%     61.11% |        3567      1.57%     62.68% |        3043      1.34%     64.01% |        2703      1.19%     65.20% |        2770      1.22%     66.42% |        4853      2.13%     68.55% |        3258      1.43%     69.99% |        3360      1.48%     71.46% |        4467      1.96%     73.43% |        4413      1.94%     75.37% |       10684      4.70%     80.06% |        7632      3.36%     83.42% |        4112      1.81%     85.23% |        4053      1.78%     87.01% |        3481      1.53%     88.54% |        3029      1.33%     89.87% |        2758      1.21%     91.08% |        4630      2.04%     93.12% |        3980      1.75%     94.87% |        5744      2.53%     97.39% |        5933      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32941     12.09%     12.09% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6124      2.25%     29.36% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.18% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.02% |        3762      1.38%     39.40% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.64% |        5622      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.90% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9307      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.87%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272561                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34168      4.31%      4.31% |       24440      3.08%      7.40% |       24456      3.09%     10.48% |       24449      3.09%     13.57% |       24440      3.08%     16.65% |       24434      3.08%     19.74% |       24442      3.08%     22.82% |       24447      3.09%     25.91% |       24471      3.09%     28.99% |       24467      3.09%     32.08% |       24465      3.09%     35.17% |       24475      3.09%     38.26% |       24454      3.09%     41.35% |       24463      3.09%     44.43% |       24458      3.09%     47.52% |       24453      3.09%     50.61% |       24478      3.09%     53.69% |       24467      3.09%     56.78% |       24471      3.09%     59.87% |       24470      3.09%     62.96% |       24455      3.09%     66.05% |       24472      3.09%     69.13% |       24464      3.09%     72.22% |       24457      3.09%     75.31% |       24470      3.09%     78.40% |       24466      3.09%     81.48% |       24461      3.09%     84.57% |       24454      3.09%     87.66% |       24457      3.09%     90.74% |       24442      3.08%     93.83% |       24452      3.09%     96.91% |       24455      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14957      3.21%      3.21% |       14596      3.13%      6.34% |       14621      3.14%      9.48% |       14590      3.13%     12.61% |       14566      3.13%     15.74% |       14550      3.12%     18.86% |       14551      3.12%     21.98% |       14538      3.12%     25.11% |       14557      3.12%     28.23% |       14578      3.13%     31.36% |       14572      3.13%     34.49% |       14526      3.12%     37.60% |       14549      3.12%     40.73% |       14543      3.12%     43.85% |       14550      3.12%     46.97% |       14514      3.12%     50.09% |       14525      3.12%     53.20% |       14521      3.12%     56.32% |       14540      3.12%     59.44% |       14523      3.12%     62.56% |       14554      3.12%     65.68% |       14526      3.12%     68.80% |       14536      3.12%     71.92% |       14525      3.12%     75.04% |       14551      3.12%     78.16% |       14548      3.12%     81.28% |       14534      3.12%     84.40% |       14520      3.12%     87.52% |       14557      3.12%     90.64% |       14535      3.12%     93.76% |       14532      3.12%     96.88% |       14530      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171528      9.59%      9.59% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49094      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49323      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51360      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53861      3.01%     37.84% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46422      2.60%     51.26% |       50391      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.70%     56.77% |       49713      2.78%     59.55% |       53823      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63142      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53301      2.98%     78.31% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52122      2.92%     87.02% |       55325      3.09%     90.12% |       54977      3.08%     93.19% |       63282      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          71      3.37%      3.37% |          63      2.99%      6.36% |          67      3.18%      9.54% |          61      2.90%     12.43% |          57      2.71%     15.14% |          56      2.66%     17.80% |          59      2.80%     20.60% |          61      2.90%     23.49% |          68      3.23%     26.72% |          63      2.99%     29.71% |          72      3.42%     33.13% |          57      2.71%     35.83% |          61      2.90%     38.73% |          60      2.85%     41.58% |          68      3.23%     44.80% |          63      2.99%     47.79% |          67      3.18%     50.97% |          68      3.23%     54.20% |          64      3.04%     57.24% |          66      3.13%     60.37% |          75      3.56%     63.93% |         106      5.03%     68.96% |          77      3.65%     72.62% |          80      3.80%     76.41% |          63      2.99%     79.40% |          59      2.80%     82.20% |          63      2.99%     85.19% |          60      2.85%     88.04% |          59      2.80%     90.84% |          60      2.85%     93.69% |          62      2.94%     96.63% |          71      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     29.55%     29.55% |           9     20.45%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |          12     27.27%     77.27% |           7     15.91%     93.18% |           3      6.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2      3.23%      3.23% |           1      1.61%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           0      0.00%      4.84% |           1      1.61%      6.45% |          16     25.81%     32.26% |           0      0.00%     32.26% |           2      3.23%     35.48% |           1      1.61%     37.10% |           1      1.61%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |          24     38.71%     77.42% |           8     12.90%     90.32% |           4      6.45%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.61%     98.39% |           1      1.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |          13     92.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49796      3.90%      3.90% |       39582      3.10%      7.00% |       39610      3.10%     10.10% |       39575      3.10%     13.20% |       39536      3.10%     16.30% |       39500      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39559      3.10%     25.59% |       39623      3.10%     28.69% |       39574      3.10%     31.79% |       39622      3.10%     34.89% |       39580      3.10%     37.99% |       39637      3.10%     41.09% |       39610      3.10%     44.20% |       39608      3.10%     47.30% |       39542      3.10%     50.39% |       39605      3.10%     53.50% |       39611      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39562      3.10%     62.80% |       39582      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.01% |       39582      3.10%     72.11% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39627      3.10%     78.30% |       39678      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.51% |       39535      3.10%     87.61% |       39552      3.10%     90.71% |       39573      3.10%     93.81% |       39556      3.10%     96.90% |       39535      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           8     66.67%     75.00% |           2     16.67%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     45.45%     45.45% |           6     54.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.27%      2.27% |           5      2.84%      5.11% |           5      2.84%      7.95% |           5      2.84%     10.80% |           6      3.41%     14.20% |           3      1.70%     15.91% |           3      1.70%     17.61% |           5      2.84%     20.45% |           6      3.41%     23.86% |           4      2.27%     26.14% |           5      2.84%     28.98% |           4      2.27%     31.25% |           5      2.84%     34.09% |           3      1.70%     35.80% |           4      2.27%     38.07% |           4      2.27%     40.34% |           4      2.27%     42.61% |           5      2.84%     45.45% |           6      3.41%     48.86% |           7      3.98%     52.84% |          22     12.50%     65.34% |          21     11.93%     77.27% |           3      1.70%     78.98% |           5      2.84%     81.82% |           5      2.84%     84.66% |           4      2.27%     86.93% |           5      2.84%     89.77% |           4      2.27%     92.05% |           3      1.70%     93.75% |           3      1.70%     95.45% |           4      2.27%     97.73% |           4      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          67      3.47%      3.47% |          58      3.00%      6.47% |          62      3.21%      9.68% |          56      2.90%     12.58% |          51      2.64%     15.23% |          53      2.74%     17.97% |          56      2.90%     20.87% |          56      2.90%     23.77% |          62      3.21%     26.98% |          59      3.06%     30.04% |          67      3.47%     33.51% |          53      2.74%     36.25% |          56      2.90%     39.15% |          57      2.95%     42.10% |          64      3.31%     45.42% |          59      3.06%     48.47% |          63      3.26%     51.73% |          63      3.26%     55.00% |          58      3.00%     58.00% |          59      3.06%     61.06% |          53      2.74%     63.80% |          85      4.40%     68.20% |          74      3.83%     72.04% |          75      3.88%     75.92% |          58      3.00%     78.92% |          55      2.85%     81.77% |          58      3.00%     84.77% |          56      2.90%     87.67% |          56      2.90%     90.57% |          57      2.95%     93.53% |          58      3.00%     96.53% |          67      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.81% |         450      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.44% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.96% |         490      3.12%     49.08% |         513      3.27%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         511      3.26%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25555      5.07%      5.07% |       15487      3.07%      8.14% |       15522      3.08%     11.22% |       15471      3.07%     14.28% |       15441      3.06%     17.35% |       15420      3.06%     20.40% |       15428      3.06%     23.46% |       15426      3.06%     26.52% |       15461      3.07%     29.59% |       15473      3.07%     32.66% |       15496      3.07%     35.73% |       15419      3.06%     38.79% |       15436      3.06%     41.85% |       15440      3.06%     44.91% |       15453      3.06%     47.97% |       15412      3.06%     51.03% |       15431      3.06%     54.09% |       15423      3.06%     57.15% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15428      3.06%     63.27% |       15444      3.06%     66.33% |       15462      3.07%     69.40% |       15459      3.07%     72.46% |       15436      3.06%     75.52% |       15447      3.06%     78.59% |       15444      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15410      3.06%     87.76% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15413      3.06%     93.88% |       15412      3.06%     96.94% |       15438      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.76% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.18%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.22% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.88%     74.47% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.69%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         512      3.26%     94.01% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15685                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24762      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171794      9.58%      9.58% |       54286      3.03%     12.60% |       49290      2.75%     15.35% |       52996      2.95%     18.30% |       53509      2.98%     21.29% |       49518      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45966      2.56%     29.17% |       51557      2.87%     32.04% |       49820      2.78%     34.82% |       54066      3.01%     37.83% |       51029      2.84%     40.68% |       48290      2.69%     43.37% |       46916      2.62%     45.98% |       47890      2.67%     48.65% |       46614      2.60%     51.25% |       50589      2.82%     54.07% |       48377      2.70%     56.77% |       49903      2.78%     59.55% |       54015      3.01%     62.56% |       54525      3.04%     65.60% |       63387      3.53%     69.13% |       58005      3.23%     72.37% |       53247      2.97%     75.33% |       53493      2.98%     78.32% |       51441      2.87%     81.18% |       52509      2.93%     84.11% |       52312      2.92%     87.03% |       55511      3.09%     90.12% |       55171      3.08%     93.20% |       63475      3.54%     96.73% |       58597      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794055                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           7     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      222758     22.29%     22.29% |      499606     50.00%     72.29% |       34576      3.46%     75.75% |       34933      3.50%     79.25% |       34632      3.47%     82.72% |       34635      3.47%     86.18% |       34710      3.47%     89.66% |       35422      3.54%     93.20% |       33504      3.35%     96.55% |       34436      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       999212                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      222758     22.29%     22.29% |      499606     50.00%     72.29% |       34576      3.46%     75.75% |       34933      3.50%     79.25% |       34632      3.47%     82.72% |       34635      3.47%     86.18% |       34710      3.47%     89.66% |       35422      3.54%     93.20% |       33504      3.35%     96.55% |       34436      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       999212                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      222758     22.29%     22.29% |      499606     50.00%     72.29% |       34576      3.46%     75.75% |       34933      3.50%     79.25% |       34632      3.47%     82.72% |       34635      3.47%     86.18% |       34710      3.47%     89.66% |       35422      3.54%     93.20% |       33504      3.35%     96.55% |       34436      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       999212                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      222758     22.29%     22.29% |      499606     50.00%     72.29% |       34576      3.46%     75.75% |       34933      3.50%     79.25% |       34632      3.47%     82.72% |       34635      3.47%     86.18% |       34710      3.47%     89.66% |       35422      3.54%     93.20% |       33504      3.35%     96.55% |       34436      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       999212                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
