
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130685343500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306853422000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65208                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   112579                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              199553042                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3718620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   654.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42704199                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73727213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21454336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21454336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13546368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13546368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211662                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211662                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164167882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164167882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103656368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103656368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267824249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267824249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335224                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211662                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211662                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21453312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13546304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21454336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13546368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    99600                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2842                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130684760500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211662                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                102449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       153013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.735807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.749862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.555941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52013     33.99%     33.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30587     19.99%     53.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53110     34.71%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6020      3.93%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4088      2.67%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2341      1.53%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1379      0.90%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1034      0.68%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2441      1.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       153013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.856871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.004389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37821     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           25      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.592544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.406119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.883207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34463     91.06%     91.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2248      5.94%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          708      1.87%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          428      1.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33685591739                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            39970741739                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1676040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   100491.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              119241.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  254767                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 139088                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238961.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041706000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98279461500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              585295200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              571483080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              319357500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              311821125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314557400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1300057200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688817520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682745760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49693857705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49257511875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819704750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35202464250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95957261115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95861754330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.265570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.534752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12919232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12919232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159155537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159155537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98857543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98857543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258013080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258013080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324989                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201863                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324989                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201863                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20798336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12918976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20799296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12919232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    59062                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2386                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130684492500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324989                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201863                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  4018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 63307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       126769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.973921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.262004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.243170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25532     20.14%     20.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30022     23.68%     43.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53047     41.85%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5944      4.69%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4533      3.58%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2289      1.81%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1419      1.12%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1051      0.83%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2932      2.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       126769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.998394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.299364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36067     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           42      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.589959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.396502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.923988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32788     90.80%     90.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2131      5.90%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          772      2.14%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          420      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28712736918                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34805999418                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    88353.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              107103.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 145002                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248047.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549274250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97772005750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              486622080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              471751560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              265518000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              257404125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275721200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259068200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            657318240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650728080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49132643400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48186912510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35311998000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36141586500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95665491960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95503122015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.032951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.790495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20797696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20797696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12919744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12919744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159143294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159143294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98861461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98861461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258004755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258004755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324964                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201871                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324964                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201871                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20796736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12919744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20797696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12919744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    56299                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2326                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130685240000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324964                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201871                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  4159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 60610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       126356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.836177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.085113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.084494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25545     20.22%     20.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28874     22.85%     43.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53831     42.60%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5924      4.69%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4554      3.60%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2223      1.76%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1427      1.13%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          998      0.79%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2980      2.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       126356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.993302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.299369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36085     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           45      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.587042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.925757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32818     90.83%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2118      5.86%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          756      2.09%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          440      1.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28379104330                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34471898080                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    87334.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              106084.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255095                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145367                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               72.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248057.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97917331000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              485488080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              469763280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              264899250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              256319250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275463800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259122800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            657253440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650870640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48864278565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47932691085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547418500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36364600500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95630472675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95469038595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.764864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.529570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20776512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20776512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12918592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12918592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158981194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158981194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98852646                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98852646                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257833840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257833840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324633                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324633                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20775680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12918592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20776512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12918592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    54291                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2256                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130684509500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324633                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201853                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  4071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  4094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 58662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       125677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.098061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.665646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.003055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24780     19.72%     19.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28943     23.03%     42.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53953     42.93%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5937      4.72%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4419      3.52%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2194      1.75%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1443      1.15%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1057      0.84%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2951      2.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       125677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.984694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.726732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36086     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           40      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.586853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.921211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32834     90.88%     90.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2124      5.88%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          752      2.08%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          420      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28237579901                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34324204901                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    86986.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              105736.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  254821                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145971                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248220.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931106750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98389747000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              482101200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              468009360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              263051250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              255362250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273693200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258311600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            657143280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650831760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48637530855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47886414210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35746307250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36405181500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95595498075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95459781720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.497357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.458855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11834363                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.632725                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.388769                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                60.661265                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11775147     99.50%     99.50% |       59051      0.50%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11834363                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31868293                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.112657                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.519851                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.785518                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29975791     94.06%     94.06% |     1296581      4.07%     98.13% |       23561      0.07%     98.20% |       26275      0.08%     98.29% |       24947      0.08%     98.36% |       36288      0.11%     98.48% |       55217      0.17%     98.65% |      134853      0.42%     99.08% |      294780      0.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31868293                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31868292                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              24.229200                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.872464                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            136.444286                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31722897     99.54%     99.54% |      127345      0.40%     99.94% |       12561      0.04%     99.98% |        3960      0.01%    100.00% |        1340      0.00%    100.00% |         177      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31868292                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29947840                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000182                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013499                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29942411     99.98%     99.98% |        5425      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29947840                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920452                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        355.277955                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       207.251595                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       438.535294                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1775057     92.43%     92.43% |      127345      6.63%     99.06% |       12561      0.65%     99.71% |        3960      0.21%     99.92% |        1340      0.07%     99.99% |         177      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920452                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         120428                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       120428                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          203                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          124                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          102                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          118                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23033680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173385                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24207065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6912861                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125757                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7038618                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       329584                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44944                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       119859                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085475                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70101                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        13753                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        13845                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        13916                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        13898                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        13872                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        82515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        82688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        14774                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72804                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        72960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        13477                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        13826                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50856                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58041                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54926                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51915                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51346                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51865                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52650                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40587                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40617                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40559                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57018                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59617                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55177                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40598                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18635289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18635289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18899253                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18635289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7774170                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7759961                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18635289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071298                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7634542                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7634542                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7866186                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7634542                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3574448                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3557330                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7634542                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029210                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5805224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5805224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6077575                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5805224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2336077                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2313124                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5805224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022211                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4844518                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4844518                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5102807                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4844518                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2019740                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2002098                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4844518                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018535                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6736476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6736476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7017801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6736476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3197226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3152756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6736476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025774                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6731718                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6731718                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6994779                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6731718                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3119424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3100098                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6731718                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025755                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7588559                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7588559                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7929507                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7588559                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2879098                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2853103                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7588559                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029034                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5003687                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5003687                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5338955                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5003687                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2059186                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2033399                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5003687                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3251861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3251861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3393618                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3251861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1411632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1396477                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3251861                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012442                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4497828                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4497828                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4725499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4497828                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2097103                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2070812                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4497828                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017209                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3136114                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3136114                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3233070                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3136114                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1267836                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1261126                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3136114                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011999                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2723700                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2723700                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2747837                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2723700                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1087092                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1086192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2723700                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010421                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3793270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3793270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3826904                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3793270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677196                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676150                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3793270                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014513                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2894430                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2894430                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2921221                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2894430                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1171235                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1170330                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2894430                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011074                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1683915                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1683915                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1708489                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1683915                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       656405                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       655415                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1683915                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006443                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2497656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2497656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2542610                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2497656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988130                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       985800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2497656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009556                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515217                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515217                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565907                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515217                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299561                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1296957                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515217                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013449                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2675413                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2675413                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2730161                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2675413                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1026232                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1023285                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2675413                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010236                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2734050                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1069942                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065119                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010201                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584580                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584580                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1603966                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584580                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628454                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627672                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584580                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006063                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1449578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1449578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453851                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1449578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       631992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       631906                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1449578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005546                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2049746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2049746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2055456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2049746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956412                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       955882                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2049746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007842                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1705296                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1705296                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1712117                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1705296                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       743748                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       743628                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1705296                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006524                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059737                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059737                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059737                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059737                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433993                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433993                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059737                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004055                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1392801                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1392801                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1397464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1392801                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       580073                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       579989                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1392801                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005329                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1882446                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1882446                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1888120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1882446                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862546                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       861994                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1882446                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007202                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1639888                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1639888                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1646575                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1639888                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       703474                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       703320                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1639888                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006274                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060929                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060929                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060929                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060929                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431877                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431877                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060929                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6118229                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6118229                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6509284                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6118229                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2499886                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2487933                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6118229                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6134408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6134408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6430442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6134408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2481232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2465664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6134408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023470                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6271389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6271389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6622394                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6271389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2501475                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2486681                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6271389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023994                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6411117                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6411117                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6739025                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6411117                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2591038                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2571449                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6411117                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024529                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9855534     27.86%     27.86% |    23713081     67.02%     94.88% |     1812298      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35380913                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9855534     27.86%     27.86% |    23713081     67.02%     94.88% |     1812298      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35380913                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   322217117                       |   577010466                       |    40185349                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   251558733                       |    95536079                       |     1812298                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.694029                       |   24.333003                       |   22.173698                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   25.524617                       |    4.028835                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.551404                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.861450                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.412855                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002117                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046171      7.08%      7.08% |    0.045999      7.05%     14.13% |    0.045852      7.03%     21.16% |    0.045707      7.01%     28.17% |    0.109773     16.83%     45.00% |    0.107379     16.46%     61.47% |    0.109680     16.82%     78.29% |    0.107232     16.44%     94.73% |    0.008591      1.32%     96.05% |    0.008594      1.32%     97.36% |    0.008592      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008594      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.652165                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016150                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028942                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001246                       |    0.001100                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004933                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001810                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002084                       |    0.001971                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002050                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007689                       |    0.007453                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007445                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000147                       |    0.000608                       |    0.000057                       |    0.000062                       |    0.000057                       |    0.000062                       |    0.000057                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000047                       |    0.000053                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002088                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001669                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000047                       |    0.002332                       |    0.004673                       |    0.001697                       |           0                       |    0.002147                       |    0.005707                       |           0                       |    0.004998                       |    0.008156                       |    0.002401                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000057                       |    0.004943                       |    0.003827                       |    0.009610                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000062                       |    0.007667                       |    0.004152                       |    0.002820                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005479                       |           0                       |    0.008168                       |    0.004579                       |    0.003082                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.003913                       |    0.002295                       |    0.002178                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001250                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001127                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002240                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000053                       |    0.002273                       |    0.004185                       |    0.004859                       |    0.002048                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002071                       |    0.000057                       |    0.004068                       |    0.008275                       |    0.006533                       |    0.002989                       |    0.029400                       |    0.004369                       |    0.000147                       |    0.003276                       |    0.013586                       |    0.016726                       |    0.003794                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000608                       |    0.003340                       |    0.005989                       |    0.013341                       |    0.003823                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001983                       |    0.000062                       |    0.005903                       |    0.004968                       |    0.007457                       |    0.003603                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001929                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003858                       |    0.002960                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001051                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.002162                       |           0                       |    0.000195                       |    0.002084                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.001871                       |    0.002201                       |    0.003871                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005479                       |           0                       |    0.001717                       |    0.005004                       |    0.007506                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001910                       |    0.000057                       |    0.015145                       |    0.004953                       |    0.003172                       |    0.002016                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000066                       |    0.002086                       |    0.007499                       |    0.003718                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005476                       |           0                       |    0.002399                       |    0.008116                       |    0.004316                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001937                       |           0                       |    0.001078                       |    0.003797                       |    0.002161                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000156                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001971                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000862                       |           0                       |    0.003616                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |           0                       |    0.002492                       |    0.000649                       |    0.004488                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |           0                       |    0.007195                       |    0.002187                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000918                       |    0.005021                       |    0.002325                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003853                       |    0.004336                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003962                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.652165                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6741279                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6741279                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4198722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3563102                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.861584                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496713                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30342                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13663408                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84187                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18897167                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182125                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13747595                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19079292                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32560575                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266312                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32826887                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7045846                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7055496                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7045846                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7055496                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257623849                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24237003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50649469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6741279                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4059815                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227798958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       428308                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340556                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7045172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217767                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253598288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236668852     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2299765      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1303883      0.51%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052296      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1853871      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497867      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1152303      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741660      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7027791      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253598288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196602                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11999502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228756956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897100                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5490247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454476                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86668217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454476                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14326314                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122709122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15556026                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9919068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90633275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84589463                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2123871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83697692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204409608                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133448149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71465038                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395080                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40183818                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7104348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19274540                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       779741                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       526425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82878285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87196671                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320033                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371745                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508548                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128997                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253598288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216604830     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14109948      5.56%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11421004      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3570371      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3338514      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2317577      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394773      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507145      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334126      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253598288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135436     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928741     76.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156282     12.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574091      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53537533     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13851847     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19124844     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87196671                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338465                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013997                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429532084                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92739347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78927907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87843020                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1239967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9243                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7811778                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454476                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5089501                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437245                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83358637                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7104348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19274540                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471340                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73097                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9243                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335132                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86487998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13652904                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32571225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5316700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18918321                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335714                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79044993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78927919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35237829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55616763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306369                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633583                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351355                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252015443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221228066     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11352570      4.50%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11520768      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3044952      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343024      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       493855      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674462      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551863      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1805883      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252015443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42704198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73727210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24286362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5763838                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4843926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73114207                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49010941     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5763838      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18522524     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73727210                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1805883                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333364277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168302917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4025561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42704198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73727210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.032752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.032752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165762                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165762                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138926392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54051204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27190299                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22542858                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43699137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1351342500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean              1351342500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502490                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        48.806104                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.851460                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       86.612919                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5443274     98.92%     98.92% |       59051      1.07%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502490                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313834                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.064509                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.715674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.856683                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4359277     69.04%     69.04% |     1923699     30.47%     99.51% |       27802      0.44%     99.95% |        2640      0.04%     99.99% |         370      0.01%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313834                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18039                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.333777                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.024949                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.132749                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         614      3.40%      3.40% |        2079     11.53%     14.93% |        8183     45.36%     60.29% |        4291     23.79%     84.08% |        2841     15.75%     99.83% |          30      0.17%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18039                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5864487                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           68.695077                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.308546                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         260.402181                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5759155     98.20%     98.20% |       91954      1.57%     99.77% |        9191      0.16%     99.93% |        3014      0.05%     99.98% |        1020      0.02%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5864487                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5132107                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000700                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000603                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026520                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5128524     99.93%     99.93% |        3579      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5132107                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732380                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     529.044313                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    289.192616                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    548.466252                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      627048     85.62%     85.62% |       91954     12.56%     98.17% |        9191      1.25%     99.43% |        3014      0.41%     99.84% |        1020      0.14%     99.98% |         145      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732380                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18670301                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.869136                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.773701                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          97.813897                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18630266     99.79%     99.79% |       35367      0.19%     99.97% |        3366      0.02%     99.99% |         946      0.01%    100.00% |         320      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18670301                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17636656                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009906                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17634925     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17636656                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033645                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     271.573357                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    189.138712                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    323.537884                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      993610     96.13%     96.13% |       35367      3.42%     99.55% |        3366      0.33%     99.87% |         946      0.09%     99.97% |         320      0.03%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033645                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7038618                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.526602                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.179006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.285734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7035323     99.95%     99.95% |        2984      0.04%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7038618                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6912861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6912859    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6912861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125757                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.443896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.893346                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.209592                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      122462     97.38%     97.38% |        2984      2.37%     99.75% |         246      0.20%     99.95% |          38      0.03%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125757                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.918152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168726                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.705537                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287275     97.85%     97.85% |        4935      1.68%     99.53% |        1112      0.38%     99.91% |         135      0.05%     99.96% |          64      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264827     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.664036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.351438                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.651133                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4935     17.23%     95.22% |        1112      3.88%     99.10% |         135      0.47%     99.57% |          64      0.22%     99.79% |          50      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12711                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1305663                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        25590                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    68191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    67946                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    68027                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    67991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    68048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    72267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    63368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    68096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   9665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   9910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   9829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   9865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   9808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  10453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   9624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   9760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    20626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    20767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    20821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    20732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    20788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    21927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    20047                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    20786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                82720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                72992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  991578                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  959276                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139978082670227                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            139978082655028                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  990380                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  996356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1009847                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31835268                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   55472                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  19856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  17520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                52478                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                52171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                52234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                52215                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                52249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                55531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                48709                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                52466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               6690                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               6997                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               6934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               6953                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               6919                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               7333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               6763                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               6702                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               15713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               15775                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               15793                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               15776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               15799                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               16736                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               14659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               15630                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              2975                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              2913                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              2895                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              2889                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              3120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              2861                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              3058                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2537308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2563033                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2534458                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2527325                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2542042                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2596901                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2506422                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2556142                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     816                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     720                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2376486                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2406043                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2387495                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2367300                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2379094                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2437851                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2354979                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2392643                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             514352                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             453840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               829546                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               812330                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               789843                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               823112                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               789487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               827742                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               813328                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               813748                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2376486                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2406043                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2387495                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2367300                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2379094                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2437851                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2354979                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2392643                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        514352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        453840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          829546                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          812330                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          789843                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          823112                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          789487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          827742                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          813328                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          813748                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2476796                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2502521                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2473946                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2466813                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2481530                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2532607                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2449692                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2495630                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2512008                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2549121                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2518297                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2508336                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2521114                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2569034                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2489210                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2530154                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              3583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              3021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             10252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             10085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             10084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             11984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              7977                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              9168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          527223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          515833                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          521624                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          518424                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          526048                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          536169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          555454                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          530478                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335199     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.40% |      324964     24.81%     75.21% |      324633     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309785                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205846     25.93%     25.93% |      196041     24.69%     50.62% |      196046     24.69%     75.31% |      196026     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335224     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324964     24.81%     75.22% |      324633     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309810                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211662     25.90%     25.90% |      201863     24.70%     50.60% |      201871     24.70%     75.30% |      201853     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817249                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121161     25.08%     25.08% |      120756     25.00%     50.08% |      120726     24.99%     75.07% |      120415     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483058                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335199     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.40% |      324964     24.81%     75.21% |      324633     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309785                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205609     25.92%     25.92% |      195863     24.69%     50.61% |      195871     24.69%     75.31% |      195853     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121161     25.08%     25.08% |      120756     25.00%     50.08% |      120726     24.99%     75.07% |      120415     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483058                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335199     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.40% |      324964     24.81%     75.21% |      324633     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309785                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205609     25.92%     25.92% |      195863     24.69%     50.61% |      195871     24.69%     75.31% |      195853     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5397064     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59146      1.01%     92.95% |       59149      1.01%     93.95% |       59150      1.01%     94.96% |       59143      1.01%     95.97% |       59148      1.01%     96.98% |       62843      1.07%     98.05% |       55447      0.94%     98.99% |       59147      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5870254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7038680    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7038680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18819897     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.70% |       19856      0.10%     99.81% |       17520      0.09%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18969401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17984     99.83%     99.83% |          17      0.09%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           7      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297089     67.75%     67.75% |           0      0.00%     67.75% |       77171      4.03%     71.78% |       77160      4.03%     75.82% |       77176      4.03%     79.85% |       77158      4.03%     83.88% |       77161      4.03%     87.91% |       82019      4.28%     92.19% |       72310      3.78%     95.97% |       77177      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           2      8.70%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260128     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58974      8.06%     43.60% |       58981      8.06%     51.66% |       58975      8.06%     59.71% |       58968      8.06%     67.77% |       58971      8.06%     75.83% |       62663      8.56%     84.39% |       55282      7.55%     91.94% |       58978      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           5     21.74%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038992     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18687      1.57%     88.99% |       18686      1.57%     90.57% |       18687      1.57%     92.14% |       18686      1.57%     93.71% |       18688      1.57%     95.28% |       19852      1.67%     96.95% |       17520      1.47%     98.43% |       18688      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170597     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77149      4.32%     69.79% |       77155      4.32%     74.11% |       77150      4.32%     78.42% |       77140      4.31%     82.74% |       77147      4.32%     87.05% |       82003      4.59%     91.64% |       72290      4.04%     95.68% |       77148      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259961     35.52%     35.52% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58974      8.06%     43.59% |       58981      8.06%     51.65% |       58975      8.06%     59.71% |       58973      8.06%     67.76% |       58971      8.06%     75.82% |       62663      8.56%     84.39% |       55284      7.55%     91.94% |       58978      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122050    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18687      1.76%     87.69% |       18686      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       18686      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       19852      1.87%     96.59% |       17520      1.65%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           7      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           2      0.02%     99.95% |           5      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         603    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3707    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1666     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6912861    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6912861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4655     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2533112     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         162      0.01%     99.96% |         155      0.01%     99.96% |         161      0.01%     99.97% |         163      0.01%     99.97% |         165      0.01%     99.98% |         169      0.01%     99.99% |         156      0.01%     99.99% |         158      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2006     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194935     29.36%     29.36% |           0      0.00%     29.36% |       58616      8.83%     38.19% |       58631      8.83%     47.03% |       58609      8.83%     55.85% |       58608      8.83%     64.68% |       58605      8.83%     73.51% |       62313      9.39%     82.90% |       54916      8.27%     91.17% |       58615      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2590507    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2590507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17839734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17839744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975662     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18533      1.65%     88.46% |       18524      1.65%     90.11% |       18541      1.65%     91.75% |       18532      1.65%     93.40% |       18542      1.65%     95.05% |       19690      1.75%     96.81% |       17374      1.55%     98.35% |       18533      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     96.16%     96.16% |           0      0.00%     96.16% |          22      0.64%     96.80% |           5      0.15%     96.94% |          24      0.70%     97.64% |          11      0.32%     97.96% |          14      0.41%     98.37% |          16      0.47%     98.84% |          18      0.52%     99.36% |          22      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260128     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58974      8.06%     43.60% |       58981      8.06%     51.66% |       58975      8.06%     59.71% |       58968      8.06%     67.77% |       58971      8.06%     75.83% |       62663      8.56%     84.39% |       55282      7.55%     91.94% |       58978      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           5     21.74%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35     92.11%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912799     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18687      1.76%     87.69% |       18686      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       18686      1.76%     92.96% |       18688      1.76%     94.72% |       19852      1.87%     96.59% |       17520      1.65%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.53%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |          10      0.17%     98.70% |          13      0.23%     98.92% |          14      0.24%     99.17% |           7      0.12%     99.29% |          12      0.21%     99.50% |          11      0.19%     99.69% |           7      0.12%     99.81% |          11      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170597     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77149      4.32%     69.79% |       77155      4.32%     74.11% |       77150      4.32%     78.42% |       77140      4.31%     82.74% |       77147      4.32%     87.05% |       82003      4.59%     91.64% |       72290      4.04%     95.68% |       77148      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3611      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3748      2.98%     20.65% |        3352      2.66%     23.31% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.50% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3138      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3588      2.85%     69.86% |        3421      2.72%     72.58% |        3733      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4705      3.74%     84.97% |        4110      3.27%     88.23% |        5244      4.17%     92.40% |        5089      4.05%     96.45% |        4467      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114274     15.60%     15.60% |       20774      2.84%     18.44% |       18705      2.55%     20.99% |       21407      2.92%     23.92% |       20941      2.86%     26.77% |       19810      2.70%     29.48% |       18240      2.49%     31.97% |       18198      2.48%     34.45% |       20759      2.83%     37.29% |       19038      2.60%     39.89% |       22384      3.06%     42.94% |       20504      2.80%     45.74% |       19005      2.59%     48.34% |       18491      2.52%     50.86% |       18187      2.48%     53.35% |       18191      2.48%     55.83% |       20283      2.77%     58.60% |       18686      2.55%     61.15% |       18871      2.58%     63.73% |       19914      2.72%     66.45% |       19869      2.71%     69.16% |       26173      3.57%     72.73% |       23100      3.15%     75.89% |       19561      2.67%     78.56% |       19493      2.66%     81.22% |       18928      2.58%     83.80% |       18454      2.52%     86.32% |       18168      2.48%     88.80% |       20080      2.74%     91.55% |       19392      2.65%     94.19% |       21156      2.89%     97.08% |       21369      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732405                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30800      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34680      3.26%     63.16% |       37254      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33993      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171660      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51355      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53861      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46424      2.60%     51.26% |       50383      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53823      3.01%     62.57% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63148      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53279      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58394      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34197      4.31%      4.31% |       24462      3.08%      7.40% |       24480      3.09%     10.48% |       24472      3.09%     13.57% |       24460      3.08%     16.65% |       24459      3.08%     19.74% |       24465      3.09%     22.82% |       24466      3.09%     25.91% |       24482      3.09%     29.00% |       24483      3.09%     32.08% |       24483      3.09%     35.17% |       24490      3.09%     38.26% |       24470      3.09%     41.34% |       24477      3.09%     44.43% |       24473      3.09%     47.52% |       24468      3.09%     50.60% |       24497      3.09%     53.69% |       24486      3.09%     56.78% |       24494      3.09%     59.87% |       24489      3.09%     62.96% |       24476      3.09%     66.04% |       24495      3.09%     69.13% |       24486      3.09%     72.22% |       24478      3.09%     75.31% |       24493      3.09%     78.39% |       24488      3.09%     81.48% |       24481      3.09%     84.57% |       24474      3.09%     87.66% |       24480      3.09%     90.74% |       24464      3.08%     93.83% |       24473      3.09%     96.91% |       24477      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       793018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15539      3.22%      3.22% |       15100      3.12%      6.34% |       15109      3.13%      9.47% |       15080      3.12%     12.59% |       15060      3.12%     15.70% |       15023      3.11%     18.81% |       15067      3.12%     21.93% |       15073      3.12%     25.05% |       15121      3.13%     28.18% |       15068      3.12%     31.30% |       15122      3.13%     34.43% |       15075      3.12%     37.55% |       15144      3.13%     40.68% |       15115      3.13%     43.81% |       15110      3.13%     46.93% |       15058      3.12%     50.05% |       15085      3.12%     53.17% |       15102      3.13%     56.30% |       15114      3.13%     59.43% |       15052      3.11%     62.54% |       15095      3.12%     65.66% |       15138      3.13%     68.80% |       15081      3.12%     71.92% |       15043      3.11%     75.03% |       15122      3.13%     78.16% |       15170      3.14%     81.30% |       15102      3.13%     84.42% |       15040      3.11%     87.54% |       15049      3.11%     90.65% |       15089      3.12%     93.77% |       15057      3.12%     96.89% |       15033      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50848      3.88%      3.88% |       40610      3.10%      6.98% |       40635      3.10%     10.09% |       40598      3.10%     13.18% |       40565      3.10%     16.28% |       40527      3.09%     19.38% |       40578      3.10%     22.47% |       40585      3.10%     25.57% |       40649      3.10%     28.68% |       40597      3.10%     31.78% |       40650      3.10%     34.88% |       40610      3.10%     37.98% |       40659      3.10%     41.08% |       40637      3.10%     44.19% |       40628      3.10%     47.29% |       40571      3.10%     50.39% |       40627      3.10%     53.49% |       40634      3.10%     56.59% |       40654      3.10%     59.69% |       40587      3.10%     62.79% |       40617      3.10%     65.89% |       40680      3.11%     69.00% |       40613      3.10%     72.10% |       40566      3.10%     75.20% |       40660      3.10%     78.30% |       40705      3.11%     81.41% |       40629      3.10%     84.51% |       40559      3.10%     87.61% |       40574      3.10%     90.71% |       40599      3.10%     93.81% |       40577      3.10%     96.90% |       40557      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49824      3.90%      3.90% |       39586      3.10%      7.00% |       39611      3.10%     10.10% |       39574      3.10%     13.20% |       39541      3.10%     16.30% |       39503      3.09%     19.39% |       39554      3.10%     22.49% |       39561      3.10%     25.59% |       39625      3.10%     28.69% |       39573      3.10%     31.79% |       39626      3.10%     34.89% |       39586      3.10%     37.99% |       39635      3.10%     41.10% |       39613      3.10%     44.20% |       39604      3.10%     47.30% |       39547      3.10%     50.40% |       39603      3.10%     53.50% |       39610      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39563      3.10%     62.80% |       39593      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.01% |       39589      3.10%     72.11% |       39542      3.10%     75.20% |       39636      3.10%     78.31% |       39681      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.52% |       39535      3.10%     87.61% |       39550      3.10%     90.71% |       39575      3.10%     93.81% |       39553      3.10%     96.90% |       39533      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1277017                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     20.43%     20.43% |           6      2.15%     22.58% |           9      3.23%     25.81% |           6      2.15%     27.96% |           7      2.51%     30.47% |           3      1.08%     31.54% |           4      1.43%     32.97% |           6      2.15%     35.13% |           6      2.15%     37.28% |           5      1.79%     39.07% |           8      2.87%     41.94% |           5      1.79%     43.73% |           7      2.51%     46.24% |           4      1.43%     47.67% |           5      1.79%     49.46% |           5      1.79%     51.25% |           5      1.79%     53.05% |           6      2.15%     55.20% |           9      3.23%     58.42% |           8      2.87%     61.29% |          23      8.24%     69.53% |          23      8.24%     77.78% |           5      1.79%     79.57% |           6      2.15%     81.72% |           6      2.15%     83.87% |           5      1.79%     85.66% |           6      2.15%     87.81% |           7      2.51%     90.32% |           8      2.87%     93.19% |           7      2.51%     95.70% |           7      2.51%     98.21% |           5      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         576      3.25%      3.25% |         520      2.93%      6.18% |         505      2.85%      9.03% |         509      2.87%     11.90% |         508      2.87%     14.77% |         496      2.80%     17.56% |         536      3.02%     20.59% |         549      3.10%     23.68% |         569      3.21%     26.89% |         502      2.83%     29.73% |         561      3.16%     32.89% |         561      3.16%     36.05% |         603      3.40%     39.46% |         583      3.29%     42.74% |         573      3.23%     45.98% |         552      3.11%     49.09% |         576      3.25%     52.34% |         593      3.34%     55.68% |         590      3.33%     59.01% |         541      3.05%     62.06% |         538      3.03%     65.10% |         611      3.45%     68.54% |         562      3.17%     71.71% |         533      3.01%     74.72% |         587      3.31%     78.03% |         638      3.60%     81.63% |         582      3.28%     84.91% |         535      3.02%     87.93% |         506      2.85%     90.78% |         570      3.22%     94.00% |         543      3.06%     97.06% |         521      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171916      9.58%      9.58% |       54294      3.03%     12.61% |       49296      2.75%     15.36% |       52998      2.95%     18.31% |       53514      2.98%     21.29% |       49521      2.76%     24.05% |       45960      2.56%     26.61% |       45968      2.56%     29.17% |       51554      2.87%     32.05% |       49820      2.78%     34.82% |       54070      3.01%     37.84% |       51036      2.84%     40.68% |       48294      2.69%     43.37% |       46919      2.61%     45.99% |       47888      2.67%     48.66% |       46619      2.60%     51.26% |       50579      2.82%     54.08% |       48376      2.70%     56.77% |       49910      2.78%     59.55% |       54021      3.01%     62.56% |       54537      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.14% |       58011      3.23%     72.37% |       53252      2.97%     75.34% |       53479      2.98%     78.32% |       51445      2.87%     81.19% |       52510      2.93%     84.11% |       52310      2.92%     87.03% |       55512      3.09%     90.12% |       55170      3.07%     93.20% |       63471      3.54%     96.73% |       58593      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.71% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         473      3.02%     65.20% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         478      3.05%     71.58% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         519      3.31%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         480      3.06%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         512      3.26%     94.01% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25575      5.07%      5.07% |       15491      3.07%      8.14% |       15523      3.08%     11.22% |       15470      3.07%     14.29% |       15446      3.06%     17.35% |       15423      3.06%     20.41% |       15431      3.06%     23.47% |       15428      3.06%     26.53% |       15463      3.07%     29.59% |       15472      3.07%     32.66% |       15500      3.07%     35.73% |       15425      3.06%     38.79% |       15434      3.06%     41.85% |       15443      3.06%     44.91% |       15449      3.06%     47.97% |       15417      3.06%     51.03% |       15429      3.06%     54.09% |       15422      3.06%     57.15% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15429      3.06%     63.27% |       15456      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.06%     69.40% |       15465      3.07%     72.46% |       15441      3.06%     75.53% |       15455      3.06%     78.59% |       15447      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15409      3.06%     87.77% |       15447      3.06%     90.83% |       15415      3.06%     93.88% |       15409      3.06%     96.94% |       15436      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504380                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24770      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         450      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         480      3.06%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         522      3.33%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         479      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         511      3.26%     94.02% |         485      3.09%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88634     38.95%     38.95% |        5262      2.31%     41.27% |        3168      1.39%     42.66% |        5909      2.60%     45.25% |        5484      2.41%     47.66% |        4301      1.89%     49.56% |        2791      1.23%     50.78% |        2762      1.21%     52.00% |        5291      2.33%     54.32% |        3565      1.57%     55.89% |        6868      3.02%     58.91% |        5073      2.23%     61.14% |        3567      1.57%     62.70% |        3043      1.34%     64.04% |        2703      1.19%     65.23% |        2770      1.22%     66.45% |        4844      2.13%     68.57% |        3258      1.43%     70.01% |        3360      1.48%     71.48% |        4467      1.96%     73.45% |        4413      1.94%     75.39% |       10690      4.70%     80.08% |        7632      3.35%     83.44% |        4112      1.81%     85.24% |        4030      1.77%     87.02% |        3481      1.53%     88.55% |        3029      1.33%     89.88% |        2756      1.21%     91.09% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5931      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32934     12.08%     12.08% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6118      2.24%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.17% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.01% |        3762      1.38%     39.39% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.63% |        5623      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.89% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9307      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.88%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34195      4.31%      4.31% |       24458      3.08%      7.40% |       24474      3.09%     10.48% |       24468      3.09%     13.57% |       24458      3.08%     16.65% |       24452      3.08%     19.74% |       24460      3.08%     22.82% |       24465      3.09%     25.91% |       24481      3.09%     29.00% |       24481      3.09%     32.08% |       24479      3.09%     35.17% |       24488      3.09%     38.26% |       24467      3.09%     41.34% |       24476      3.09%     44.43% |       24471      3.09%     47.52% |       24467      3.09%     50.60% |       24496      3.09%     53.69% |       24485      3.09%     56.78% |       24490      3.09%     59.87% |       24488      3.09%     62.96% |       24473      3.09%     66.04% |       24490      3.09%     69.13% |       24482      3.09%     72.22% |       24476      3.09%     75.31% |       24492      3.09%     78.39% |       24485      3.09%     81.48% |       24480      3.09%     84.57% |       24472      3.09%     87.66% |       24476      3.09%     90.74% |       24461      3.08%     93.83% |       24471      3.09%     96.91% |       24475      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14962      3.21%      3.21% |       14578      3.13%      6.35% |       14602      3.14%      9.49% |       14570      3.13%     12.62% |       14548      3.13%     15.74% |       14531      3.12%     18.86% |       14533      3.12%     21.99% |       14520      3.12%     25.11% |       14548      3.13%     28.23% |       14564      3.13%     31.36% |       14558      3.13%     34.49% |       14512      3.12%     37.61% |       14538      3.12%     40.73% |       14530      3.12%     43.85% |       14535      3.12%     46.98% |       14503      3.12%     50.09% |       14506      3.12%     53.21% |       14505      3.12%     56.33% |       14520      3.12%     59.45% |       14504      3.12%     62.56% |       14537      3.12%     65.69% |       14509      3.12%     68.81% |       14518      3.12%     71.93% |       14506      3.12%     75.04% |       14530      3.12%     78.16% |       14530      3.12%     81.29% |       14515      3.12%     84.41% |       14500      3.12%     87.52% |       14539      3.12%     90.65% |       14515      3.12%     93.76% |       14509      3.12%     96.88% |       14509      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465384                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171653      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51355      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53861      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46424      2.60%     51.26% |       50383      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53823      3.01%     62.57% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63148      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53279      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58394      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          67      3.10%      3.10% |          67      3.10%      6.20% |          69      3.19%      9.39% |          61      2.82%     12.21% |          62      2.87%     15.08% |          60      2.78%     17.85% |          62      2.87%     20.72% |          63      2.91%     23.64% |          69      3.19%     26.83% |          62      2.87%     29.69% |          76      3.52%     33.21% |          64      2.96%     36.17% |          57      2.64%     38.81% |          63      2.91%     41.72% |          66      3.05%     44.77% |          65      3.01%     47.78% |          66      3.05%     50.83% |          65      3.01%     53.84% |          65      3.01%     56.85% |          68      3.15%     59.99% |          85      3.93%     63.92% |         105      4.86%     68.78% |          83      3.84%     72.62% |          85      3.93%     76.55% |          70      3.24%     79.79% |          61      2.82%     82.61% |          63      2.91%     85.52% |          61      2.82%     88.34% |          56      2.59%     90.93% |          63      2.91%     93.85% |          63      2.91%     96.76% |          70      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     17.65%     17.65% |           8     23.53%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           9     26.47%     67.65% |           7     20.59%     88.24% |           4     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           2      9.52%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |          13     61.90%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           3     14.29%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49824      3.90%      3.90% |       39586      3.10%      7.00% |       39611      3.10%     10.10% |       39574      3.10%     13.20% |       39541      3.10%     16.30% |       39503      3.09%     19.39% |       39554      3.10%     22.49% |       39561      3.10%     25.59% |       39625      3.10%     28.69% |       39573      3.10%     31.79% |       39626      3.10%     34.89% |       39586      3.10%     37.99% |       39635      3.10%     41.10% |       39613      3.10%     44.20% |       39604      3.10%     47.30% |       39547      3.10%     50.40% |       39603      3.10%     53.50% |       39610      3.10%     56.60% |       39630      3.10%     59.70% |       39563      3.10%     62.80% |       39593      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.01% |       39589      3.10%     72.11% |       39542      3.10%     75.20% |       39636      3.10%     78.31% |       39681      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.52% |       39535      3.10%     87.61% |       39550      3.10%     90.71% |       39575      3.10%     93.81% |       39553      3.10%     96.90% |       39533      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1277017                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           9     81.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.25%      2.25% |           5      2.81%      5.06% |           5      2.81%      7.87% |           5      2.81%     10.67% |           6      3.37%     14.04% |           3      1.69%     15.73% |           3      1.69%     17.42% |           5      2.81%     20.22% |           5      2.81%     23.03% |           4      2.25%     25.28% |           5      2.81%     28.09% |           4      2.25%     30.34% |           5      2.81%     33.15% |           3      1.69%     34.83% |           4      2.25%     37.08% |           4      2.25%     39.33% |           4      2.25%     41.57% |           5      2.81%     44.38% |           6      3.37%     47.75% |           7      3.93%     51.69% |          21     11.80%     63.48% |          21     11.80%     75.28% |           3      1.69%     76.97% |           5      2.81%     79.78% |           5      2.81%     82.58% |           4      2.25%     84.83% |           5      2.81%     87.64% |           5      2.81%     90.45% |           4      2.25%     92.70% |           4      2.25%     94.94% |           5      2.81%     97.75% |           4      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          63      3.18%      3.18% |          62      3.12%      6.30% |          64      3.23%      9.53% |          56      2.82%     12.35% |          56      2.82%     15.17% |          57      2.87%     18.04% |          59      2.97%     21.02% |          58      2.92%     23.94% |          64      3.23%     27.17% |          58      2.92%     30.09% |          71      3.58%     33.67% |          60      3.02%     36.69% |          52      2.62%     39.31% |          60      3.02%     42.34% |          62      3.12%     45.46% |          61      3.07%     48.54% |          62      3.12%     51.66% |          60      3.02%     54.69% |          59      2.97%     57.66% |          61      3.07%     60.74% |          64      3.23%     63.96% |          84      4.23%     68.20% |          80      4.03%     72.23% |          80      4.03%     76.26% |          65      3.28%     79.54% |          57      2.87%     82.41% |          58      2.92%     85.33% |          56      2.82%     88.16% |          52      2.62%     90.78% |          59      2.97%     93.75% |          58      2.92%     96.67% |          66      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         455      2.90%      6.15% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         450      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         480      3.06%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         522      3.33%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         479      3.05%     87.86% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         511      3.26%     94.02% |         485      3.09%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25575      5.07%      5.07% |       15491      3.07%      8.14% |       15523      3.08%     11.22% |       15470      3.07%     14.29% |       15446      3.06%     17.35% |       15423      3.06%     20.41% |       15431      3.06%     23.47% |       15428      3.06%     26.53% |       15463      3.07%     29.59% |       15472      3.07%     32.66% |       15500      3.07%     35.73% |       15425      3.06%     38.79% |       15434      3.06%     41.85% |       15443      3.06%     44.91% |       15449      3.06%     47.97% |       15417      3.06%     51.03% |       15429      3.06%     54.09% |       15422      3.06%     57.15% |       15448      3.06%     60.21% |       15429      3.06%     63.27% |       15456      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.06%     69.40% |       15465      3.07%     72.46% |       15441      3.06%     75.53% |       15455      3.06%     78.59% |       15447      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15409      3.06%     87.77% |       15447      3.06%     90.83% |       15415      3.06%     93.88% |       15409      3.06%     96.94% |       15436      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504380                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         449      2.86%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.71% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         473      3.02%     65.20% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         478      3.05%     71.58% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         519      3.31%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         480      3.06%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.74% |         512      3.26%     94.01% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         453      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24770      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171914      9.58%      9.58% |       54290      3.03%     12.61% |       49291      2.75%     15.35% |       52995      2.95%     18.31% |       53514      2.98%     21.29% |       49521      2.76%     24.05% |       45960      2.56%     26.61% |       45968      2.56%     29.17% |       51553      2.87%     32.05% |       49819      2.78%     34.82% |       54070      3.01%     37.84% |       51035      2.84%     40.68% |       48288      2.69%     43.37% |       46919      2.62%     45.99% |       47886      2.67%     48.66% |       46619      2.60%     51.26% |       50579      2.82%     54.08% |       48376      2.70%     56.77% |       49903      2.78%     59.55% |       54016      3.01%     62.56% |       54536      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.14% |       58011      3.23%     72.37% |       53252      2.97%     75.34% |       53478      2.98%     78.32% |       51444      2.87%     81.19% |       52509      2.93%     84.11% |       52309      2.92%     87.03% |       55507      3.09%     90.12% |       55170      3.07%     93.20% |       63470      3.54%     96.73% |       58593      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794188                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           7     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       38302     12.06%     12.06% |      158858     50.00%     62.06% |       15020      4.73%     66.78% |       16227      5.11%     71.89% |       14902      4.69%     76.58% |       16209      5.10%     81.68% |       14919      4.70%     86.38% |       17263      5.43%     91.81% |       12228      3.85%     95.66% |       13788      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       317716                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       38302     12.06%     12.06% |      158858     50.00%     62.06% |       15020      4.73%     66.78% |       16227      5.11%     71.89% |       14902      4.69%     76.58% |       16209      5.10%     81.68% |       14919      4.70%     86.38% |       17263      5.43%     91.81% |       12228      3.85%     95.66% |       13788      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       317716                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       38302     12.06%     12.06% |      158858     50.00%     62.06% |       15020      4.73%     66.78% |       16227      5.11%     71.89% |       14902      4.69%     76.58% |       16209      5.10%     81.68% |       14919      4.70%     86.38% |       17263      5.43%     91.81% |       12228      3.85%     95.66% |       13788      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       317716                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       38302     12.06%     12.06% |      158858     50.00%     62.06% |       15020      4.73%     66.78% |       16227      5.11%     71.89% |       14902      4.69%     76.58% |       16209      5.10%     81.68% |       14919      4.70%     86.38% |       17263      5.43%     91.81% |       12228      3.85%     95.66% |       13788      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       317716                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
