
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.057184                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57183895000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233351973500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31500                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55684                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               77603293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3557860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   736.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    23211458                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      41031945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12623616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12623616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8055808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8055808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125872                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    220754742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            220754742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140875469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140875469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    361630211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           361630211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125872                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12621824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8055552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12623616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8055808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      639                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3044                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  57183406500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  73971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   9259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   8522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   8487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   8479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   8437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   7901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  6187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  4371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  18833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  21593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  22428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  22648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  22620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   5983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        80382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.233311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.830267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.147448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24306     30.24%     30.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21124     26.28%     56.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20662     25.70%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4178      5.20%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2831      3.52%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1652      2.06%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1159      1.44%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          958      1.19%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3512      4.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        80382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.136784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.416546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        19445     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        19454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.470032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.044069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.869334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          15416     79.24%     79.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2400     12.34%     91.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          890      4.57%     96.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          748      3.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        19454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13354859804                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            17052659804                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    67716.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               86466.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      220.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   220.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155674                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  87024                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               69.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176974.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   75.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11628835250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43644218500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              305741520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              301946400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              166823250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              164752500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767208000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771022200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            408045600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407579040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22616197515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        22093236765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14470718250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14929455750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42469598775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42402857295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.702988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.535822                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12403136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12403136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7840640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7840640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    216899111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            216899111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137112731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137112731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    354011842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           354011842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193799                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122510                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193799                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122510                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12401152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7840384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12403136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7840640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      399                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     3076                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  57183128000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193799                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122510                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  72733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   8948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   8742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   8775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   8806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   8587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   8387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  6135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  5532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  5001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  18338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  20969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  21665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  21990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  21875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        72942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   277.494777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.895587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.896352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17984     24.66%     24.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19989     27.40%     52.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20581     28.22%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4154      5.69%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2829      3.88%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1632      2.24%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1172      1.61%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          868      1.19%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3733      5.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        72942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.230964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.040682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18929     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        18938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.468793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.045446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.852614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14926     78.82%     78.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2433     12.85%     91.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          873      4.61%     96.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          706      3.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        18938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12856476536                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            16489626536                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 968840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    66349.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               85099.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      216.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   216.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  154956                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  88372                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               72.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180782.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11894826250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43378429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              278964000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              272477520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              152212500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              148673250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754408200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             756919800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            397509120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396329760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22390346700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21834563355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14668858500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15156387750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42377163660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42300216075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.085944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.740295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12403200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12403200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7840448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7840448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    216900230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            216900230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137109373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137109373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    354009604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           354009604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122507                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122507                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12401600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7840256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12403200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7840448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      294                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2979                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  57183753000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122507                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  72835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   8567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   8694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   8704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   8809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   8828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   8423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  18328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  20881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  21819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  22012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  21908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        72935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   277.526674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.154895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.036917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17962     24.63%     24.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19770     27.11%     51.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20750     28.45%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4223      5.79%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2905      3.98%     89.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1604      2.20%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1192      1.63%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          851      1.17%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3678      5.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        72935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.235975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.095171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18923     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        18930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.471421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.045496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.864074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14916     78.80%     78.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2414     12.75%     91.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          881      4.65%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          719      3.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        18930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12774518833                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            16407800083                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 968875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    65924.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               84674.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      216.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   216.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  154773                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  88567                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               72.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180785.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11877737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43395316500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              278321400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              273059640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              151861875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              148990875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             754798200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756584400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            397386000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396439920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22144910400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21641135850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14884128000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15326035500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42346270515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42277110825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.546239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.336783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12382080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12382080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7838592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7838592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122478                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216530896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216530896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137076916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137076916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    353607812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           353607812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193470                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122478                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193470                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122478                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12380864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7838336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12382080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7838592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      240                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     3017                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  57182853500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193470                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122478                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  72469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   8813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   8918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   8871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   8839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   8661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   8527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  18410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  20947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  21672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  21956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  21945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        72350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   279.455757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.108623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.980045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17249     23.84%     23.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20212     27.94%     51.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20613     28.49%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4093      5.66%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2775      3.84%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1626      2.25%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1185      1.64%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          870      1.20%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3727      5.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        72350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.203123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.713341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18950     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        18959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.459940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.037029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.851378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14973     78.98%     78.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2387     12.59%     91.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          926      4.88%     96.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          673      3.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        18959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12616190036                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            16243396286                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    65216.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               83966.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  154655                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  88916                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180988.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   77.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11624952750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43648203750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              274964760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              272001240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              150030375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              148413375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             752692200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756155400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            397185120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396446400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22124910240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21405992040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14901672000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15532302000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42336319335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42246175095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.372214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.795783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7054678                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 66.463301                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.347369                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               143.310095                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6459586     91.56%     91.56% |      119730      1.70%     93.26% |      103295      1.46%     94.73% |       94630      1.34%     96.07% |      100913      1.43%     97.50% |      110291      1.56%     99.06% |       53484      0.76%     99.82% |       12334      0.17%     99.99% |         415      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7054678                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16155796                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.579754                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.680160                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.811484                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14719955     91.11%     91.11% |      908820      5.63%     96.74% |       16257      0.10%     96.84% |       15495      0.10%     96.93% |       26140      0.16%     97.10% |       46686      0.29%     97.39% |       75627      0.47%     97.85% |      144286      0.89%     98.75% |      202530      1.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16155796                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16155794                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              29.675517                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.112085                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            135.175249                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15839571     98.04%     98.04% |      241818      1.50%     99.54% |       64976      0.40%     99.94% |        8173      0.05%     99.99% |        1124      0.01%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16155794                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14978783                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000357                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000307                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019313                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14973524     99.96%     99.96% |        5189      0.03%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14978783                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177011                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        369.146802                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       227.102373                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       355.685704                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      860788     73.13%     73.13% |      241818     20.55%     93.68% |       64976      5.52%     99.20% |        8173      0.69%     99.89% |        1124      0.10%     99.99% |         113      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177011                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         106412                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       106412                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11162299                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11672138                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3812188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3936290                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       311629                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22327                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       130968                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529029                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47679                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135749                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136829                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        35058                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        34374                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1088                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        34770                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        34845                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81382                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36684                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9243                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9758                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10835                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8769                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        11002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35188                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34728                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11339                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35939                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15016                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18390                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32854                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8778                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33961                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9706384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9706384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9925742                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9706384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4212325                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4196076                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9706384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.084870                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4877984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4877984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5071726                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4877984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2414581                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2395744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4877984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.042652                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4410283                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4410283                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4726521                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4410283                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1846661                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1828247                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4410283                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.038562                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4021807                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4021807                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4328911                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4021807                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1747278                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1730055                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4021807                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.035166                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4491007                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4491007                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4854473                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4491007                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2152567                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2115243                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4491007                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.039268                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4748416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4748416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5125071                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4748416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2274994                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2237088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4748416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.041519                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4006896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4006896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4105243                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4006896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1412311                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1400364                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4006896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.035035                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      2743355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      2743355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2831128                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2743355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1018444                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1006359                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      2743355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.023987                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1687772                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1687772                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1703083                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1687772                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       726691                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       726396                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1687772                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.014757                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1996699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1996699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2013700                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1996699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       954856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       954363                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1996699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017459                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1563140                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1563140                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1581545                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1563140                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627854                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1563140                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.013668                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1800613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1800613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1816282                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1800613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       739528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       739233                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1800613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015744                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2225537                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2225537                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2248720                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2225537                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1018979                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1018449                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2225537                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.019459                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1683198                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1683198                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1699333                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1683198                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       657624                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657290                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1683198                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014717                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       922521                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       922521                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       936030                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       922521                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       365275                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       364945                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       922521                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008066                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1568353                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1568353                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1618645                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1568353                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       618161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       615205                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1568353                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013713                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2096988                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2096988                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2134400                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2096988                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       771790                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768964                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2096988                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018335                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1685299                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1685299                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1729819                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1685299                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       642849                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       639375                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1685299                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014736                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1696955                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1696955                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1770373                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1696955                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675863                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       670347                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1696955                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014838                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946550                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946550                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       960047                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946550                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374884                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374378                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946550                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       950400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       950400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       952584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       950400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       434669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       434632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       950400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008310                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1184461                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1184461                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1188426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1184461                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       569888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       569473                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1184461                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010357                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       958081                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       958081                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       962392                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       958081                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415525                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415525                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       958081                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008377                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       627090                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       627090                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       627090                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       627090                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258230                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258230                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       627090                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005483                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       896966                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       896966                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       898999                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       896966                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       382855                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       382818                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       896966                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1110635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1110635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1114674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1110635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       526726                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       526303                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1110635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009711                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       945440                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       945440                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       949807                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       945440                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       402816                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       402816                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       945440                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008267                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632538                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632538                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632538                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632538                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258898                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632538                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005531                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3859084                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3859084                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4080715                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3859084                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1582429                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1578016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3859084                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.033743                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      4013728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      4013728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4218970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4013728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1645542                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1640480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      4013728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035095                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3755406                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3755406                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3967576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3755406                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1451969                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1441190                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3755406                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.032836                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3981851                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3981851                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4195497                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3981851                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1559128                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1545411                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3981851                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.034816                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5800896     27.49%     27.49% |    14236003     67.46%     94.94% |     1066805      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21103704                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5800897     27.49%     27.49% |    14236003     67.46%     94.94% |     1066805      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21103705                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   217349154                       |   358204219                       |    24277755                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   662326153                       |    56377741                       |     1066818                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.468204                       |   25.161853                       |   22.757444                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |  114.176526                       |    3.960223                       |    1.000012                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.423026                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    34.106369                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         62.529395                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002921                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.063189      7.02%      7.02% |    0.063160      7.02%     14.04% |    0.062057      6.90%     20.94% |    0.061862      6.88%     27.82% |    0.152369     16.94%     44.75% |    0.148794     16.54%     61.29% |    0.152334     16.93%     78.22% |    0.148683     16.53%     94.75% |    0.011818      1.31%     96.06% |    0.011819      1.31%     97.37% |    0.011818      1.31%     98.69% |    0.011818      1.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.899721                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022350                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027398                       |    0.000001                       |    0.005718                       |    0.005718                       |    0.005716                       |    0.005717                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005324                       |    0.002819                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002781                       |    0.002645                       |    0.002663                       |    0.002617                       |    0.002628                       |    0.002677                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002810                       |    0.002714                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002706                       |    0.002650                       |    0.002674                       |    0.002761                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002746                       |    0.003033                       |    0.002718                       |    0.002712                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002748                       |    0.002815                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002938                       |    0.003120                       |    0.010334                       |    0.010150                       |    0.010150                       |    0.010133                       |    0.000213                       |           0                       |    0.000461                       |    0.001394                       |    0.000227                       |    0.000247                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000238                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |    0.000216                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002959                       |    0.002334                       |           0                       |    0.002725                       |           0                       |    0.004062                       |    0.005637                       |    0.002333                       |           0                       |    0.002871                       |    0.007627                       |           0                       |    0.008013                       |    0.010144                       |    0.005088                       |    0.007117                       |    0.002679                       |    0.000227                       |    0.009829                       |    0.007495                       |    0.011215                       |    0.007118                       |    0.002827                       |    0.000247                       |    0.011954                       |    0.008951                       |    0.004069                       |           0                       |    0.002859                       |    0.007449                       |           0                       |    0.010870                       |    0.007905                       |    0.006012                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |           0                       |    0.005440                       |    0.003955                       |    0.003594                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002335                       |           0                       |    0.003002                       |           0                       |    0.001289                       |    0.003033                       |    0.003033                       |           0                       |    0.002722                       |           0                       |    0.001108                       |    0.004884                       |    0.005760                       |    0.002986                       |    0.007117                       |    0.002686                       |    0.000221                       |    0.005128                       |    0.009366                       |    0.010611                       |    0.004139                       |    0.032273                       |    0.004514                       |    0.000461                       |    0.007888                       |    0.015362                       |    0.020173                       |    0.004198                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002851                       |    0.001394                       |    0.008055                       |    0.010120                       |    0.016065                       |    0.004164                       |    0.007119                       |    0.002692                       |    0.000238                       |    0.007714                       |    0.009373                       |    0.009190                       |    0.005193                       |           0                       |    0.002736                       |           0                       |    0.002399                       |    0.005413                       |    0.004646                       |    0.004265                       |           0                       |    0.002777                       |           0                       |    0.001162                       |    0.002729                       |    0.003042                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.000106                       |    0.002718                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |    0.002810                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002626                       |    0.005528                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.002957                       |    0.007449                       |           0                       |    0.004477                       |    0.005153                       |    0.010079                       |    0.002722                       |           0                       |    0.002665                       |           0                       |    0.019740                       |    0.005533                       |    0.004304                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002693                       |           0                       |    0.004822                       |    0.009183                       |    0.004558                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.003053                       |    0.007442                       |           0                       |    0.005411                       |    0.011109                       |    0.005042                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.002731                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.005411                       |    0.002520                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002712                       |           0                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005363                       |           0                       |    0.002722                       |           0                       |    0.004548                       |           0                       |    0.006443                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.008959                       |    0.002955                       |    0.003627                       |           0                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.001782                       |    0.006338                       |    0.003884                       |           0                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.006402                       |    0.005677                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005482                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002748                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.899721                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5090911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5090911                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3480295                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2854243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.011525                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          370742                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30077                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9838891                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55070                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             8000296                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103635                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9893961                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8103931                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17839187                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158705                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17997892                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3943339                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9475                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3952814                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3943339                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9475                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3952814                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110806747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14829920                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30000930                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5090911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3224985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              91024984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239800                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       321583                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3942706                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154086                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    107069531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.513929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96697481     90.31%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1576765      1.47%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           840697      0.79%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           766189      0.72%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           844867      0.79%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           875628      0.82%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           767642      0.72%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           496173      0.46%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4204089      3.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    107069531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270750                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9323691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89874209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4715695                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2812545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51355260                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10481436                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52076428                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7425325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6241417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30501534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50014600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2380594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     52112281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     123072094                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     76830044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41673859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10438392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          19051649                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5057906                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8266583                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       713509                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       562836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           48753065                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       295419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          51519421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215567                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7783878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12496447                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67888                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    107069531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     86294747     80.60%     80.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7795709      7.28%     87.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5457423      5.10%     92.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2466422      2.30%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2084553      1.95%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1531441      1.43%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878544      0.82%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342617      0.32%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218075      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    107069531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106621     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680222     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90850     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33077331     64.20%     64.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9984285     19.38%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8139211     15.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       51519421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877693                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017036                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    211201549                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     56839792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     45391169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       52161557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       890501                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175665                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7774                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5850717                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4628540                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44977652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     49048484                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114025                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5057906                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8266583                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       286322                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73448                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816904                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7774                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134154                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       225060                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      51006206                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9831815                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17841524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3877382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            8009709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.460317                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               45471383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              45391203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          25344747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41420673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.409643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.611886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8007193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       227531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    105792349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.210061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89852844     84.93%     84.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5697056      5.39%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5149825      4.87%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1990009      1.88%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       983125      0.93%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       357769      0.34%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219231      0.21%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311442      0.29%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1231048      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    105792349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     23211457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       41031942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11636091                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3882236                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3503499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          40675755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       293819                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     29204090     71.17%     71.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.12%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3882236      9.46%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7753855     18.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     41031942                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1231048                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            153512231                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            99360838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3737216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            23211457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              41031942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.773795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.773795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.209477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.209477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         79713762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33182065                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19249211                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12937720                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        26155297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1904974500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1904974499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3274793                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       112.382230                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       42.435171                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      200.257211                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2686933     82.05%     82.05% |      113127      3.45%     85.50% |      102671      3.14%     88.64% |       94625      2.89%     91.53% |      100913      3.08%     94.61% |      110291      3.37%     97.98% |       53484      1.63%     99.61% |       12334      0.38%     99.99% |         415      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3274793                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3764083                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.700127                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.128809                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.341736                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3726886     99.01%     99.01% |       29965      0.80%     99.81% |        4659      0.12%     99.93% |        1944      0.05%     99.98% |         553      0.01%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3764083                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15802                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.968928                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.629556                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.207897                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         569      3.60%      3.60% |        2048     12.96%     16.56% |        7247     45.86%     62.42% |        3515     22.24%     84.67% |        2400     15.19%     99.85% |          20      0.13%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15802                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4049069                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           53.227046                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.013622                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         192.461369                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3881356     95.86%     95.86% |      123821      3.06%     98.92% |       38927      0.96%     99.88% |        4296      0.11%     99.98% |         595      0.01%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4049069                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3582695                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000993                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000856                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031639                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3579148     99.90%     99.90% |        3540      0.10%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3582695                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466374                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     439.064654                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    258.537138                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    391.592286                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      298661     64.04%     64.04% |      123821     26.55%     90.59% |       38927      8.35%     98.94% |        4296      0.92%     99.86% |         595      0.13%     99.98% |          63      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466374                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          8002025                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           30.025766                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.138927                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         131.902320                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7853811     98.15%     98.15% |      117718      1.47%     99.62% |       26035      0.33%     99.94% |        3874      0.05%     99.99% |         529      0.01%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            8002025                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7427681                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000228                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000194                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015992                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7426068     99.98%     99.98% |        1550      0.02%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7427681                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574344                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     379.532461                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    265.490580                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    332.865830                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      426130     74.19%     74.19% |      117718     20.50%     94.69% |       26035      4.53%     99.22% |        3874      0.67%     99.90% |         529      0.09%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574344                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3936289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.591305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.320681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.721928                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3933872     99.94%     99.94% |        2156      0.05%     99.99% |         219      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3936289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3812188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3812181    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3812188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.192069                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.176569                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.473738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      121684     98.05%     98.05% |        2156      1.74%     99.79% |         219      0.18%     99.97% |          25      0.02%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124101                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.751130                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.804950                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.561131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164773     98.61%     98.61% |        1780      1.07%     99.68% |         464      0.28%     99.96% |          39      0.02%     99.98% |          16      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154841     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.775210                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.499207                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    75.559882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9840     80.93%     80.93% |        1780     14.64%     95.57% |         464      3.82%     99.39% |          39      0.32%     99.71% |          16      0.13%     99.84% |          16      0.13%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9200                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       562730                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        43551                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     8094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    15049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    28056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    70804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     8153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    15620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    28099                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    70798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     8189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    15236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   28033                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   70997                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    8107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   15162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   28102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   70826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   8588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1564                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   8594                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    803                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1948                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  3359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  8395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2022                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  3290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  8566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     6688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     7943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    13128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    29984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     6543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     7697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    12953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    29754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     6692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     7918                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   13163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   29932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    6603                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    7859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   12972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   29926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  182555                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  159297                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  327727                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  696101                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  176648                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  146501                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  311097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  664387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  181397                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  159764                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 324952                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 676047                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 170799                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 151307                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 303048                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295607266                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 7527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                15306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                43003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7793                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                15336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                42969                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 7576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               15333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               43205                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 346                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               15374                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               43012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1081                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1878                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               5285                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                815                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1848                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               5319                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1032                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1851                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              5083                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1062                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1810                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              5276                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                7758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                7522                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               12750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               27801                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                7815                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                7827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               12763                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               27829                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                7853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                7660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              12700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              27792                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               7616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              12728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              27814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1054                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1458                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              3303                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               793                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               749                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1445                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              3275                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               755                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1508                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             3312                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              847                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              960                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1480                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             3290                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 358075                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 599303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 865416                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1842008                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 355242                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 592168                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 854588                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1827344                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 351182                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 594382                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                845367                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1783770                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                353963                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                596400                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                835995                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1779232                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 34711                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                165939                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                785478                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1683242                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 30853                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                204410                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                771885                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1671974                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 33917                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                159629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               756564                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1644857                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                30478                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               159308                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               744823                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1628868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             241939                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1080144                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             244736                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             244147                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1036832                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             244736                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             240925                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            1088731                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            244736                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            245569                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1090687                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            244891                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               597075                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               278883                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               498444                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               798288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               606173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               255390                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               529585                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               782373                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               598449                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               273590                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              501710                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              755760                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              600781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              275735                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              508663                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              753991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            34711                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           165939                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           785478                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1683242                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            30853                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           204410                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           771885                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1671974                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            33917                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           159629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          756564                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1644857                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           30478                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          159308                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          744823                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1628868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        141312                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        244736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        141048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        244736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        140930                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       244683                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       141048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       244432                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          290826                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          278883                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          484221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          798288                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          285869                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          255390                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          496822                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          782373                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          283341                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          273590                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         477088                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         755760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         283760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         275735                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         476138                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         753991                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             318702                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             442343                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             838261                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1778552                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             315775                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             446536                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             829108                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1763888                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             314465                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             433063                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            815107                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1720314                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            313071                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            432567                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            807086                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1715776                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               827                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658079                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110837798                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         111142777                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111588184                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657429                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110837794                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         111142773                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111588180                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657431                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110837800                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        111142779                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111588186                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657667                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110837796                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        111142775                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111588182                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1966625                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2138566                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2270518                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2753814                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1960307                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2129883                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2257482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2729736                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1958328                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2130417                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2262830                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2701559                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1958464                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2129960                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2252988                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2720372                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               538                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1314                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1327                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               292                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             1284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              298                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0             1309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1800                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2420                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5091                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              5342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             4971                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1877                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1481                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1048                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2982                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              8719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              9877                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2               113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2889                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             8436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1087                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             3117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             9482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           21791                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           54241                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           91033                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          191658                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           19014                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           48529                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           77557                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          173068                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           19933                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           57304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles          89879                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         188866                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          17621                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          50615                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          76209                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         164583                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197220     25.34%     25.34% |      193799     24.90%     50.24% |      193800     24.90%     75.14% |      193470     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119981     25.54%     25.54% |      116607     24.82%     50.36% |      116604     24.82%     75.18% |      116575     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469767                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197244     25.34%     25.34% |      193799     24.90%     50.24% |      193800     24.90%     75.14% |      193470     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778313                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125872     25.51%     25.51% |      122510     24.83%     50.34% |      122507     24.83%     75.18% |      122478     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       493367                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69047     25.04%     25.04% |       69000     25.02%     50.06% |       69004     25.02%     75.09% |       68703     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       275754                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197220     25.34%     25.34% |      193799     24.90%     50.24% |      193800     24.90%     75.14% |      193470     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119737     25.53%     25.53% |      116430     24.83%     50.36% |      116427     24.82%     75.18% |      116398     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69047     25.04%     25.04% |       69000     25.02%     50.06% |       69004     25.02%     75.09% |       68703     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       275754                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197220     25.34%     25.34% |      193799     24.90%     50.24% |      193800     24.90%     75.14% |      193470     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119737     25.53%     25.53% |      116430     24.83%     50.36% |      116427     24.82%     75.18% |      116398     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3752826     92.65%     92.65% |          48      0.00%     92.66% |       74369      1.84%     94.49% |       74370      1.84%     96.33% |       74369      1.84%     98.16% |       74378      1.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4050360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3936347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3936347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7920710     96.94%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |       62466      0.76%     97.71% |       62468      0.76%     98.47% |       62468      0.76%     99.24% |       62466      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8170578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15155     97.70%     97.70% |          48      0.31%     98.01% |          71      0.46%     98.47% |          88      0.57%     99.04% |          98      0.63%     99.67% |          51      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630998     53.84%     53.84% |           0      0.00%     53.84% |      135237     11.54%     65.38% |      135243     11.54%     76.92% |      135230     11.54%     88.46% |      135266     11.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1171974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     21.51%     21.51% |          21     22.58%     44.09% |          27     29.03%     73.12% |          25     26.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     40.91%     40.91% |           2      1.01%     41.92% |          26     13.13%     55.05% |          25     12.63%     67.68% |          34     17.17%     84.85% |          30     15.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169611     36.53%     36.53% |          40      0.01%     36.54% |       73646     15.86%     52.40% |       73636     15.86%     68.26% |       73625     15.86%     84.12% |       73711     15.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.01%      1.01% |           8      4.04%      5.05% |          44     22.22%     27.27% |          61     30.81%     58.08% |          62     31.31%     89.39% |          21     10.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464303     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       62059      8.71%     73.87% |       62058      8.71%     82.58% |       62055      8.71%     91.29% |       62046      8.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506196     48.36%     48.36% |           0      0.00%     48.36% |      135147     12.91%     61.27% |      135134     12.91%     74.18% |      135110     12.91%     87.09% |      135191     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1046778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170813     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.69% |       73691     15.83%     52.51% |       73699     15.83%     68.34% |       73689     15.83%     84.17% |       73732     15.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       62058     10.58%     68.26% |       62056     10.58%     78.84% |       62053     10.58%     89.42% |       62046     10.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     97.34%     97.34% |           0      0.00%     97.34% |          71      0.61%     97.95% |          88      0.76%     98.71% |          98      0.85%     99.56% |          51      0.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         703     96.57%     96.57% |          25      3.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1410    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          44    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         849     90.22%     90.22% |           0      0.00%     90.22% |          20      2.13%     92.35% |          21      2.23%     94.58% |          26      2.76%     97.34% |          25      2.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |          10      0.05%     99.89% |           9      0.04%     99.94% |           9      0.04%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3812188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3812188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2324     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.76%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |          70      0.06%     99.81% |          88      0.07%     99.88% |          94      0.08%     99.96% |          50      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643598     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         667      0.04%     99.88% |         660      0.04%     99.92% |         670      0.04%     99.96% |         632      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1646227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1385     97.33%     97.33% |          38      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139030     32.12%     32.12% |           0      0.00%     32.12% |       73434     16.96%     49.08% |       73419     16.96%     66.04% |       73467     16.97%     83.01% |       73537     16.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.80%      1.80% |          25     22.52%     24.32% |          25     22.52%     46.85% |          30     27.03%     73.87% |          29     26.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1915842    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1915842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7553153     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         403      0.01%     99.98% |         406      0.01%     99.99% |         409      0.01%     99.99% |         417      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7554788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367166     59.81%     59.81% |           0      0.00%     59.81% |       61713     10.05%     69.86% |       61715     10.05%     79.92% |       61643     10.04%     89.96% |       61654     10.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       613891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     21.74%     21.74% |          21     22.83%     44.57% |          26     28.26%     72.83% |          25     27.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           92                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          251                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169611     36.53%     36.53% |          40      0.01%     36.54% |       73646     15.86%     52.40% |       73636     15.86%     68.26% |       73625     15.86%     84.12% |       73711     15.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.01%      1.01% |           8      4.04%      5.05% |          44     22.22%     27.27% |          61     30.81%     58.08% |          62     31.31%     89.39% |          21     10.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126003    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338300     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       62058     10.58%     68.26% |       62056     10.58%     78.84% |       62053     10.58%     89.42% |       62046     10.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1276     98.91%     98.91% |           0      0.00%     98.91% |           1      0.08%     98.99% |           2      0.16%     99.15% |           1      0.08%     99.22% |          10      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     85.92%     85.92% |           0      0.00%     85.92% |           5      3.52%     89.44% |           6      4.23%     93.66% |           6      4.23%     97.89% |           3      2.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     66.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506196     48.36%     48.36% |           0      0.00%     48.36% |      135146     12.91%     61.27% |      135134     12.91%     74.18% |      135105     12.91%     87.09% |      135190     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1046771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           5     71.43%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3867      3.12%      3.12% |        3804      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3281      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5142      4.14%     30.67% |        3964      3.19%     33.87% |        3819      3.08%     36.94% |        3561      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4118      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3382      2.72%     61.77% |        3063      2.47%     64.24% |        3703      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3979      3.21%     88.16% |        5202      4.19%     92.35% |        5074      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55085     11.81%     11.81% |       13892      2.98%     14.79% |       12713      2.73%     17.51% |       13617      2.92%     20.43% |       12829      2.75%     23.18% |       12687      2.72%     25.90% |       12288      2.63%     28.54% |       12553      2.69%     31.23% |       12935      2.77%     34.00% |       12816      2.75%     36.75% |       14938      3.20%     39.95% |       13302      2.85%     42.81% |       12838      2.75%     45.56% |       12822      2.75%     48.31% |       12194      2.61%     50.92% |       12578      2.70%     53.62% |       13672      2.93%     56.55% |       12723      2.73%     59.28% |       13074      2.80%     62.08% |       13141      2.82%     64.90% |       13667      2.93%     67.83% |       16804      3.60%     71.43% |       12767      2.74%     74.17% |       12922      2.77%     76.94% |       12844      2.75%     79.69% |       12999      2.79%     82.48% |       12533      2.69%     85.17% |       12237      2.62%     87.79% |       13245      2.84%     90.63% |       12616      2.70%     93.33% |       13589      2.91%     96.25% |       17503      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22431      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16798      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16963      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16814      2.87%     21.80% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17471      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17616      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.63% |       17668      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18468      3.15%     64.00% |       20243      3.45%     67.45% |       18483      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.13%     73.73% |       18399      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18636      3.18%     83.15% |       18645      3.18%     86.33% |       19440      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586529                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75554      7.22%      7.22% |       32750      3.13%     10.35% |       29375      2.81%     13.15% |       32254      3.08%     16.23% |       29663      2.83%     19.07% |       29556      2.82%     21.89% |       28961      2.77%     24.66% |       29576      2.83%     27.48% |       30273      2.89%     30.38% |       29873      2.85%     33.23% |       32405      3.10%     36.32% |       30754      2.94%     39.26% |       30384      2.90%     42.17% |       30189      2.88%     45.05% |       29483      2.82%     47.87% |       30084      2.87%     50.74% |       31361      3.00%     53.74% |       30200      2.89%     56.62% |       30801      2.94%     59.56% |       31504      3.01%     62.57% |       31993      3.06%     65.63% |       36866      3.52%     69.15% |       31129      2.97%     72.12% |       31128      2.97%     75.10% |       31117      2.97%     78.07% |       31121      2.97%     81.04% |       31048      2.97%     84.01% |       30758      2.94%     86.95% |       32566      3.11%     90.06% |       32037      3.06%     93.12% |       34005      3.25%     96.37% |       38011      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1046779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17862      3.81%      3.81% |       14546      3.10%      6.91% |       14557      3.10%     10.02% |       14540      3.10%     13.12% |       14524      3.10%     16.21% |       14533      3.10%     19.31% |       14542      3.10%     22.42% |       14543      3.10%     25.52% |       14551      3.10%     28.62% |       14562      3.11%     31.73% |       14556      3.10%     34.83% |       14552      3.10%     37.93% |       14540      3.10%     41.03% |       14547      3.10%     44.14% |       14541      3.10%     47.24% |       14538      3.10%     50.34% |       14568      3.11%     53.45% |       14559      3.10%     56.55% |       14562      3.11%     59.66% |       14559      3.10%     62.76% |       14548      3.10%     65.86% |       14568      3.11%     68.97% |       14552      3.10%     72.07% |       14554      3.10%     75.18% |       14567      3.11%     78.28% |       14564      3.11%     81.39% |       14557      3.10%     84.50% |       14552      3.10%     87.60% |       14549      3.10%     90.70% |       14527      3.10%     93.80% |       14538      3.10%     96.90% |       14536      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468894                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8799      3.19%      3.19% |        8685      3.15%      6.34% |        8684      3.15%      9.49% |        8625      3.13%     12.61% |        8613      3.12%     15.74% |        8593      3.12%     18.85% |        8606      3.12%     21.97% |        8614      3.12%     25.09% |        8613      3.12%     28.22% |        8657      3.14%     31.35% |        8678      3.15%     34.50% |        8625      3.13%     37.63% |        8646      3.13%     40.76% |        8615      3.12%     43.88% |        8652      3.14%     47.02% |        8588      3.11%     50.13% |        8608      3.12%     53.25% |        8602      3.12%     56.37% |        8609      3.12%     59.49% |        8572      3.11%     62.60% |        8591      3.11%     65.71% |        8609      3.12%     68.84% |        8594      3.12%     71.95% |        8561      3.10%     75.05% |        8602      3.12%     78.17% |        8644      3.13%     81.31% |        8614      3.12%     84.43% |        8555      3.10%     87.53% |        8603      3.12%     90.65% |        8620      3.12%     93.77% |        8589      3.11%     96.89% |        8587      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       275853                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27775      3.57%      3.57% |       24277      3.12%      6.69% |       24288      3.12%      9.81% |       24212      3.11%     12.92% |       24183      3.11%     16.03% |       24172      3.11%     19.13% |       24194      3.11%     22.24% |       24203      3.11%     25.35% |       24210      3.11%     28.46% |       24265      3.12%     31.58% |       24280      3.12%     34.70% |       24223      3.11%     37.81% |       24232      3.11%     40.92% |       24208      3.11%     44.04% |       24239      3.11%     47.15% |       24172      3.11%     50.26% |       24222      3.11%     53.37% |       24207      3.11%     56.48% |       24217      3.11%     59.59% |       24177      3.11%     62.70% |       24185      3.11%     65.80% |       24223      3.11%     68.92% |       24192      3.11%     72.02% |       24161      3.10%     75.13% |       24215      3.11%     78.24% |       24254      3.12%     81.36% |       24217      3.11%     84.47% |       24153      3.10%     87.57% |       24198      3.11%     90.68% |       24193      3.11%     93.79% |       24173      3.11%     96.89% |       24169      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26751      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23264      3.12%      9.83% |       23188      3.11%     12.94% |       23159      3.11%     16.04% |       23148      3.10%     19.15% |       23170      3.11%     22.26% |       23179      3.11%     25.37% |       23186      3.11%     28.48% |       23241      3.12%     31.59% |       23256      3.12%     34.71% |       23199      3.11%     37.83% |       23208      3.11%     40.94% |       23184      3.11%     44.05% |       23215      3.11%     47.16% |       23148      3.10%     50.27% |       23198      3.11%     53.38% |       23183      3.11%     56.49% |       23193      3.11%     59.60% |       23153      3.11%     62.70% |       23161      3.11%     65.81% |       23199      3.11%     68.92% |       23168      3.11%     72.03% |       23137      3.10%     75.13% |       23191      3.11%     78.24% |       23230      3.12%     81.36% |       23193      3.11%     84.47% |       23129      3.10%     87.57% |       23174      3.11%     90.68% |       23169      3.11%     93.79% |       23149      3.11%     96.90% |       23145      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     21.92%     21.92% |           2      0.77%     22.69% |           6      2.31%     25.00% |           5      1.92%     26.92% |           4      1.54%     28.46% |           4      1.54%     30.00% |           4      1.54%     31.54% |           5      1.92%     33.46% |           7      2.69%     36.15% |           4      1.54%     37.69% |           6      2.31%     40.00% |           4      1.54%     41.54% |           5      1.92%     43.46% |           3      1.15%     44.62% |           4      1.54%     46.15% |           3      1.15%     47.31% |           4      1.54%     48.85% |           3      1.15%     50.00% |           9      3.46%     53.46% |          10      3.85%     57.31% |          19      7.31%     64.62% |          19      7.31%     71.92% |           9      3.46%     75.38% |          10      3.85%     79.23% |           7      2.69%     81.92% |           8      3.08%     85.00% |           7      2.69%     87.69% |           9      3.46%     91.15% |           7      2.69%     93.85% |           6      2.31%     96.15% |           7      2.69%     98.85% |           3      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          65     55.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          19     16.24%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |          14     11.97%     83.76% |           0      0.00%     83.76% |           0      0.00%     83.76% |          17     14.53%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           2      1.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          67     33.50%     33.50% |           2      1.00%     34.50% |           1      0.50%     35.00% |          25     12.50%     47.50% |           3      1.50%     49.00% |           3      1.50%     50.50% |           4      2.00%     52.50% |           3      1.50%     54.00% |           5      2.50%     56.50% |           3      1.50%     58.00% |           2      1.00%     59.00% |           2      1.00%     60.00% |           3      1.50%     61.50% |           3      1.50%     63.00% |           4      2.00%     65.00% |           3      1.50%     66.50% |          17      8.50%     75.00% |           1      0.50%     75.50% |           2      1.00%     76.50% |          17      8.50%     85.00% |           1      0.50%     85.50% |           0      0.00%     85.50% |           1      0.50%     86.00% |           2      1.00%     87.00% |           3      1.50%     88.50% |           5      2.50%     91.00% |           4      2.00%     93.00% |           5      2.50%     95.50% |           3      1.50%     97.00% |           2      1.00%     98.00% |           2      1.00%     99.00% |           2      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         581      3.84%      3.84% |         472      3.12%      6.96% |         461      3.05%     10.01% |         467      3.09%     13.09% |         456      3.01%     16.11% |         454      3.00%     19.11% |         467      3.09%     22.19% |         465      3.07%     25.27% |         457      3.02%     28.29% |         464      3.07%     31.35% |         505      3.34%     34.69% |         482      3.19%     37.88% |         496      3.28%     41.16% |         476      3.15%     44.30% |         494      3.27%     47.57% |         479      3.17%     50.73% |         504      3.33%     54.06% |         479      3.17%     57.23% |         468      3.09%     60.32% |         457      3.02%     63.34% |         430      2.84%     66.19% |         476      3.15%     69.33% |         446      2.95%     72.28% |         441      2.91%     75.19% |         475      3.14%     78.33% |         494      3.27%     81.60% |         482      3.19%     84.79% |         445      2.94%     87.73% |         460      3.04%     90.77% |         468      3.09%     93.86% |         468      3.09%     96.95% |         461      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          66     33.33%     33.33% |           2      1.01%     34.34% |           1      0.51%     34.85% |          22     11.11%     45.96% |           3      1.52%     47.47% |           3      1.52%     48.99% |           4      2.02%     51.01% |           3      1.52%     52.53% |           5      2.53%     55.05% |           3      1.52%     56.57% |           2      1.01%     57.58% |           2      1.01%     58.59% |           3      1.52%     60.10% |           3      1.52%     61.62% |           4      2.02%     63.64% |           3      1.52%     65.15% |          17      8.59%     73.74% |           1      0.51%     74.24% |           2      1.01%     75.25% |          17      8.59%     83.84% |           1      0.51%     84.34% |           0      0.00%     84.34% |           1      0.51%     84.85% |           2      1.01%     85.86% |           3      1.52%     87.37% |           5      2.53%     89.90% |           4      2.02%     91.92% |           7      3.54%     95.45% |           3      1.52%     96.97% |           2      1.01%     97.98% |           2      1.01%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75885      7.22%      7.22% |       32866      3.13%     10.35% |       29497      2.81%     13.16% |       32389      3.08%     16.24% |       29776      2.83%     19.07% |       29675      2.82%     21.90% |       29075      2.77%     24.66% |       29694      2.83%     27.49% |       30393      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32535      3.10%     36.33% |       30866      2.94%     39.27% |       30498      2.90%     42.17% |       30302      2.88%     45.06% |       29594      2.82%     47.87% |       30191      2.87%     50.74% |       31497      3.00%     53.74% |       30309      2.88%     56.63% |       30909      2.94%     59.57% |       31633      3.01%     62.58% |       32124      3.06%     65.64% |       37023      3.52%     69.16% |       31246      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.11% |       31232      2.97%     78.08% |       31235      2.97%     81.05% |       31163      2.97%     84.02% |       30874      2.94%     86.95% |       32682      3.11%     90.06% |       32151      3.06%     93.12% |       34121      3.25%     96.37% |       38134      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1050805                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         424      3.14%      6.45% |         414      3.06%      9.51% |         404      2.99%     12.50% |         410      3.03%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.06%     21.57% |         418      3.09%     24.66% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         418      3.09%     30.77% |         444      3.29%     34.05% |         437      3.23%     37.29% |         450      3.33%     40.62% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         449      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         407      3.01%     63.17% |         387      2.86%     66.04% |         409      3.03%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12358      4.29%      4.29% |        8967      3.11%      7.40% |        8981      3.12%     10.52% |        8915      3.10%     13.62% |        8888      3.09%     16.70% |        8878      3.08%     19.79% |        8884      3.08%     22.87% |        8896      3.09%     25.96% |        8906      3.09%     29.05% |        8945      3.11%     32.16% |        8953      3.11%     35.27% |        8883      3.08%     38.35% |        8888      3.09%     41.44% |        8885      3.08%     44.52% |        8899      3.09%     47.61% |        8845      3.07%     50.68% |        8865      3.08%     53.76% |        8867      3.08%     56.84% |        8884      3.08%     59.92% |        8868      3.08%     63.00% |        8882      3.08%     66.08% |        8890      3.09%     69.17% |        8900      3.09%     72.26% |        8867      3.08%     75.34% |        8878      3.08%     78.42% |        8906      3.09%     81.51% |        8876      3.08%     84.60% |        8857      3.08%     87.67% |        8893      3.09%     90.76% |        8881      3.08%     93.84% |        8850      3.07%     96.92% |        8884      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288019                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14970      3.14%      3.14% |       14887      3.12%      6.26% |       14893      3.12%      9.39% |       14893      3.12%     12.51% |       14885      3.12%     15.63% |       14893      3.12%     18.76% |       14896      3.12%     21.88% |       14889      3.12%     25.00% |       14897      3.12%     28.13% |       14902      3.13%     31.25% |       14883      3.12%     34.38% |       14903      3.13%     37.50% |       14894      3.12%     40.63% |       14895      3.12%     43.75% |       14891      3.12%     46.87% |       14887      3.12%     50.00% |       14907      3.13%     53.12% |       14900      3.13%     56.25% |       14899      3.13%     59.37% |       14902      3.13%     62.50% |       14916      3.13%     65.63% |       14924      3.13%     68.76% |       14888      3.12%     71.88% |       14899      3.13%     75.00% |       14910      3.13%     78.13% |       14901      3.13%     81.26% |       14905      3.13%     84.38% |       14895      3.12%     87.51% |       14889      3.12%     90.63% |       14886      3.12%     93.75% |       14897      3.12%     96.88% |       14883      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476759                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          19     13.67%     13.67% |           3      2.16%     15.83% |           2      1.44%     17.27% |          12      8.63%     25.90% |           3      2.16%     28.06% |           5      3.60%     31.65% |           6      4.32%     35.97% |           3      2.16%     38.13% |           5      3.60%     41.73% |           3      2.16%     43.88% |           2      1.44%     45.32% |           2      1.44%     46.76% |           4      2.88%     49.64% |           3      2.16%     51.80% |           5      3.60%     55.40% |           3      2.16%     57.55% |          15     10.79%     68.35% |           1      0.72%     69.06% |           3      2.16%     71.22% |           6      4.32%     75.54% |           1      0.72%     76.26% |           0      0.00%     76.26% |           1      0.72%     76.98% |           2      1.44%     78.42% |           4      2.88%     81.29% |           5      3.60%     84.89% |           5      3.60%     88.49% |           6      4.32%     92.81% |           3      2.16%     94.96% |           2      1.44%     96.40% |           2      1.44%     97.84% |           3      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         495      3.65%      3.65% |         423      3.12%      6.77% |         411      3.03%      9.80% |         414      3.05%     12.85% |         411      3.03%     15.88% |         402      2.96%     18.84% |         417      3.07%     21.91% |         417      3.07%     24.99% |         407      3.00%     27.98% |         416      3.07%     31.05% |         446      3.29%     34.34% |         438      3.23%     37.57% |         448      3.30%     40.87% |         428      3.15%     44.02% |         449      3.31%     47.33% |         438      3.23%     50.56% |         450      3.32%     53.88% |         439      3.24%     57.11% |         432      3.18%     60.30% |         414      3.05%     63.35% |         385      2.84%     66.19% |         407      3.00%     69.18% |         404      2.98%     72.16% |         398      2.93%     75.10% |         430      3.17%     78.27% |         449      3.31%     81.57% |         436      3.21%     84.79% |         400      2.95%     87.74% |         414      3.05%     90.79% |         424      3.12%     93.91% |         423      3.12%     97.03% |         403      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41098     23.32%     23.32% |        4910      2.79%     26.10% |        3717      2.11%     28.21% |        4656      2.64%     30.85% |        3925      2.23%     33.08% |        3724      2.11%     35.19% |        3377      1.92%     37.11% |        3645      2.07%     39.18% |        4016      2.28%     41.46% |        3866      2.19%     43.65% |        5966      3.38%     47.04% |        4413      2.50%     49.54% |        3942      2.24%     51.78% |        3929      2.23%     54.00% |        3270      1.86%     55.86% |        3727      2.11%     57.97% |        4782      2.71%     60.69% |        3849      2.18%     62.87% |        4122      2.34%     65.21% |        4253      2.41%     67.62% |        4782      2.71%     70.34% |        7896      4.48%     74.82% |        3863      2.19%     77.01% |        4049      2.30%     79.31% |        3955      2.24%     81.55% |        4077      2.31%     83.86% |        3649      2.07%     85.93% |        3370      1.91%     87.85% |        4349      2.47%     90.31% |        3732      2.12%     92.43% |        4734      2.69%     95.12% |        8608      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176251                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7378      6.73%      6.73% |        4096      3.74%     10.47% |        1904      1.74%     12.20% |        3922      3.58%     15.78% |        2078      1.90%     17.68% |        2180      1.99%     19.66% |        1918      1.75%     21.41% |        2264      2.07%     23.48% |        2573      2.35%     25.82% |        2277      2.08%     27.90% |        2733      2.49%     30.39% |        2666      2.43%     32.83% |        2770      2.53%     35.35% |        2593      2.37%     37.72% |        2532      2.31%     40.03% |        2732      2.49%     42.52% |        2928      2.67%     45.19% |        2691      2.45%     47.64% |        2991      2.73%     50.37% |        3607      3.29%     53.66% |        3544      3.23%     56.90% |        5313      4.85%     61.74% |        3595      3.28%     65.02% |        3431      3.13%     68.15% |        3488      3.18%     71.33% |        3351      3.06%     74.39% |        3730      3.40%     77.79% |        3748      3.42%     81.21% |        4551      4.15%     85.36% |        4652      4.24%     89.60% |        5640      5.14%     94.75% |        5759      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17840      3.81%      3.81% |       14540      3.10%      6.91% |       14551      3.10%     10.01% |       14526      3.10%     13.11% |       14518      3.10%     16.21% |       14525      3.10%     19.31% |       14534      3.10%     22.41% |       14539      3.10%     25.51% |       14545      3.10%     28.62% |       14557      3.11%     31.72% |       14550      3.10%     34.83% |       14548      3.10%     37.93% |       14535      3.10%     41.03% |       14543      3.10%     44.13% |       14535      3.10%     47.24% |       14534      3.10%     50.34% |       14551      3.10%     53.44% |       14556      3.11%     56.55% |       14556      3.11%     59.65% |       14551      3.10%     62.76% |       14545      3.10%     65.86% |       14564      3.11%     68.97% |       14548      3.10%     72.07% |       14551      3.10%     75.18% |       14561      3.11%     78.28% |       14556      3.11%     81.39% |       14549      3.10%     84.49% |       14544      3.10%     87.60% |       14542      3.10%     90.70% |       14521      3.10%     93.80% |       14533      3.10%     96.90% |       14530      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468678                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8239      3.16%      3.16% |        8219      3.15%      6.31% |        8224      3.15%      9.46% |        8170      3.13%     12.60% |        8162      3.13%     15.73% |        8146      3.12%     18.85% |        8147      3.12%     21.97% |        8152      3.13%     25.10% |        8160      3.13%     28.23% |        8197      3.14%     31.37% |        8175      3.13%     34.50% |        8145      3.12%     37.63% |        8153      3.13%     40.75% |        8143      3.12%     43.87% |        8164      3.13%     47.00% |        8113      3.11%     50.12% |        8120      3.11%     53.23% |        8124      3.11%     56.34% |        8140      3.12%     59.46% |        8113      3.11%     62.57% |        8146      3.12%     65.70% |        8118      3.11%     68.81% |        8144      3.12%     71.93% |        8116      3.11%     75.04% |        8129      3.12%     78.16% |        8155      3.13%     81.29% |        8137      3.12%     84.41% |        8114      3.11%     87.52% |        8146      3.12%     90.64% |        8154      3.13%     93.77% |        8121      3.11%     96.88% |        8131      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       260817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          66     33.33%     33.33% |           2      1.01%     34.34% |           1      0.51%     34.85% |          22     11.11%     45.96% |           3      1.52%     47.47% |           3      1.52%     48.99% |           4      2.02%     51.01% |           3      1.52%     52.53% |           5      2.53%     55.05% |           3      1.52%     56.57% |           2      1.01%     57.58% |           2      1.01%     58.59% |           3      1.52%     60.10% |           3      1.52%     61.62% |           4      2.02%     63.64% |           3      1.52%     65.15% |          17      8.59%     73.74% |           1      0.51%     74.24% |           2      1.01%     75.25% |          17      8.59%     83.84% |           1      0.51%     84.34% |           0      0.00%     84.34% |           1      0.51%     84.85% |           2      1.01%     85.86% |           3      1.52%     87.37% |           5      2.53%     89.90% |           4      2.02%     91.92% |           7      3.54%     95.45% |           3      1.52%     96.97% |           2      1.01%     97.98% |           2      1.01%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          79     84.95%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |           0      0.00%     84.95% |          14     15.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75547      7.22%      7.22% |       32750      3.13%     10.35% |       29375      2.81%     13.15% |       32254      3.08%     16.23% |       29663      2.83%     19.07% |       29556      2.82%     21.89% |       28961      2.77%     24.66% |       29576      2.83%     27.48% |       30273      2.89%     30.37% |       29873      2.85%     33.23% |       32405      3.10%     36.32% |       30754      2.94%     39.26% |       30384      2.90%     42.17% |       30189      2.88%     45.05% |       29483      2.82%     47.87% |       30084      2.87%     50.74% |       31361      3.00%     53.74% |       30200      2.89%     56.62% |       30801      2.94%     59.56% |       31503      3.01%     62.57% |       31993      3.06%     65.63% |       36866      3.52%     69.15% |       31129      2.97%     72.12% |       31128      2.97%     75.10% |       31117      2.97%     78.07% |       31121      2.97%     81.04% |       31048      2.97%     84.01% |       30758      2.94%     86.95% |       32566      3.11%     90.06% |       32037      3.06%     93.12% |       34005      3.25%     96.37% |       38011      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1046771                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           3      3.90%     19.48% |           3      3.90%     23.38% |           2      2.60%     25.97% |           1      1.30%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          65      4.43%      4.43% |          43      2.93%      7.36% |          49      3.34%     10.69% |          41      2.79%     13.49% |          40      2.72%     16.21% |          45      3.07%     19.28% |          42      2.86%     22.14% |          45      3.07%     25.20% |          46      3.13%     28.34% |          44      3.00%     31.34% |          57      3.88%     35.22% |          42      2.86%     38.08% |          45      3.07%     41.14% |          44      3.00%     44.14% |          39      2.66%     46.80% |          37      2.52%     49.32% |          38      2.59%     51.91% |          39      2.66%     54.56% |          37      2.52%     57.08% |          45      3.07%     60.15% |          60      4.09%     64.24% |          84      5.72%     69.96% |          46      3.13%     73.09% |          47      3.20%     76.29% |          43      2.93%     79.22% |          40      2.72%     81.95% |          41      2.79%     84.74% |          41      2.79%     87.53% |          43      2.93%     90.46% |          42      2.86%     93.32% |          45      3.07%     96.39% |          53      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      3.57%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           0      0.00%     10.71% |           2      7.14%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           6     21.43%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |          10     35.71%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           7     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.22%      2.22% |           1      2.22%      4.44% |           0      0.00%      4.44% |           0      0.00%      4.44% |           0      0.00%      4.44% |           1      2.22%      6.67% |           1      2.22%      8.89% |           1      2.22%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           1      2.22%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           2      4.44%     31.11% |           1      2.22%     33.33% |           1      2.22%     35.56% |           2      4.44%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           9     20.00%     68.89% |           1      2.22%     71.11% |           2      4.44%     75.56% |           3      6.67%     82.22% |           3      6.67%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           0      0.00%     91.11% |           0      0.00%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           2      4.44%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26751      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23264      3.12%      9.83% |       23188      3.11%     12.94% |       23159      3.11%     16.04% |       23148      3.10%     19.15% |       23170      3.11%     22.26% |       23179      3.11%     25.37% |       23186      3.11%     28.48% |       23241      3.12%     31.59% |       23256      3.12%     34.71% |       23199      3.11%     37.83% |       23208      3.11%     40.94% |       23184      3.11%     44.05% |       23215      3.11%     47.16% |       23148      3.10%     50.27% |       23198      3.11%     53.38% |       23183      3.11%     56.49% |       23193      3.11%     59.60% |       23153      3.11%     62.70% |       23161      3.11%     65.81% |       23199      3.11%     68.92% |       23168      3.11%     72.03% |       23137      3.10%     75.13% |       23191      3.11%     78.24% |       23230      3.12%     81.36% |       23193      3.11%     84.47% |       23129      3.10%     87.57% |       23174      3.11%     90.68% |       23169      3.11%     93.79% |       23149      3.11%     96.90% |       23145      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745521                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           3      5.66%     28.30% |           3      5.66%     33.96% |           2      3.77%     37.74% |           2      3.77%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.04%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           4      4.08%      6.12% |           2      2.04%      8.16% |           1      1.02%      9.18% |           1      1.02%     10.20% |           0      0.00%     10.20% |           2      2.04%     12.24% |           2      2.04%     14.29% |           1      1.02%     15.31% |           3      3.06%     18.37% |           2      2.04%     20.41% |           2      2.04%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           1      1.02%     23.47% |           1      1.02%     24.49% |           5      5.10%     29.59% |           8      8.16%     37.76% |          17     17.35%     55.10% |          17     17.35%     72.45% |           6      6.12%     78.57% |           7      7.14%     85.71% |           2      2.04%     87.76% |           2      2.04%     89.80% |           1      1.02%     90.82% |           2      2.04%     92.86% |           1      1.02%     93.88% |           2      2.04%     95.92% |           3      3.06%     98.98% |           1      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           98                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          63      4.60%      4.60% |          43      3.14%      7.74% |          45      3.28%     11.02% |          39      2.85%     13.87% |          39      2.85%     16.72% |          44      3.21%     19.93% |          42      3.07%     22.99% |          43      3.14%     26.13% |          44      3.21%     29.34% |          43      3.14%     32.48% |          54      3.94%     36.42% |          40      2.92%     39.34% |          43      3.14%     42.48% |          44      3.21%     45.69% |          39      2.85%     48.54% |          37      2.70%     51.24% |          37      2.70%     53.94% |          38      2.77%     56.72% |          32      2.34%     59.05% |          37      2.70%     61.75% |          43      3.14%     64.89% |          67      4.89%     69.78% |          40      2.92%     72.70% |          40      2.92%     75.62% |          41      2.99%     78.61% |          38      2.77%     81.39% |          40      2.92%     84.31% |          39      2.85%     87.15% |          42      3.07%     90.22% |          40      2.92%     93.14% |          42      3.07%     96.20% |          52      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          48     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |          11     15.28%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           0      0.00%     81.94% |           2      2.78%     84.72% |           0      0.00%     84.72% |           0      0.00%     84.72% |          11     15.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         495      3.65%      3.65% |         423      3.12%      6.77% |         411      3.03%      9.80% |         414      3.05%     12.85% |         411      3.03%     15.88% |         402      2.96%     18.84% |         417      3.07%     21.91% |         417      3.07%     24.99% |         407      3.00%     27.98% |         416      3.07%     31.05% |         446      3.29%     34.34% |         438      3.23%     37.57% |         448      3.30%     40.87% |         428      3.15%     44.02% |         449      3.31%     47.33% |         438      3.23%     50.56% |         450      3.32%     53.88% |         439      3.24%     57.11% |         432      3.18%     60.30% |         414      3.05%     63.35% |         385      2.84%     66.19% |         407      3.00%     69.18% |         404      2.98%     72.16% |         398      2.93%     75.10% |         430      3.17%     78.27% |         449      3.31%     81.57% |         436      3.21%     84.79% |         400      2.95%     87.74% |         414      3.05%     90.79% |         424      3.12%     93.91% |         423      3.12%     97.03% |         403      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          19     14.84%     14.84% |           2      1.56%     16.41% |           1      0.78%     17.19% |          14     10.94%     28.12% |           3      2.34%     30.47% |           3      2.34%     32.81% |           4      3.12%     35.94% |           3      2.34%     38.28% |           5      3.91%     42.19% |           3      2.34%     44.53% |           2      1.56%     46.09% |           2      1.56%     47.66% |           3      2.34%     50.00% |           3      2.34%     52.34% |           4      3.12%     55.47% |           3      2.34%     57.81% |          15     11.72%     69.53% |           1      0.78%     70.31% |           2      1.56%     71.88% |           6      4.69%     76.56% |           1      0.78%     77.34% |           0      0.00%     77.34% |           1      0.78%     78.12% |           2      1.56%     79.69% |           3      2.34%     82.03% |           5      3.91%     85.94% |           4      3.12%     89.06% |           5      3.91%     92.97% |           3      2.34%     95.31% |           2      1.56%     96.88% |           2      1.56%     98.44% |           2      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          19     13.67%     13.67% |           3      2.16%     15.83% |           2      1.44%     17.27% |          12      8.63%     25.90% |           3      2.16%     28.06% |           5      3.60%     31.65% |           6      4.32%     35.97% |           3      2.16%     38.13% |           5      3.60%     41.73% |           3      2.16%     43.88% |           2      1.44%     45.32% |           2      1.44%     46.76% |           4      2.88%     49.64% |           3      2.16%     51.80% |           5      3.60%     55.40% |           3      2.16%     57.55% |          15     10.79%     68.35% |           1      0.72%     69.06% |           3      2.16%     71.22% |           6      4.32%     75.54% |           1      0.72%     76.26% |           0      0.00%     76.26% |           1      0.72%     76.98% |           2      1.44%     78.42% |           4      2.88%     81.29% |           5      3.60%     84.89% |           5      3.60%     88.49% |           6      4.32%     92.81% |           3      2.16%     94.96% |           2      1.44%     96.40% |           2      1.44%     97.84% |           3      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12357      4.29%      4.29% |        8967      3.11%      7.40% |        8981      3.12%     10.52% |        8915      3.10%     13.62% |        8888      3.09%     16.70% |        8878      3.08%     19.79% |        8884      3.08%     22.87% |        8896      3.09%     25.96% |        8906      3.09%     29.05% |        8945      3.11%     32.16% |        8953      3.11%     35.27% |        8883      3.08%     38.35% |        8888      3.09%     41.44% |        8885      3.08%     44.52% |        8899      3.09%     47.61% |        8845      3.07%     50.68% |        8865      3.08%     53.76% |        8867      3.08%     56.84% |        8884      3.08%     59.92% |        8868      3.08%     63.00% |        8882      3.08%     66.08% |        8890      3.09%     69.17% |        8900      3.09%     72.26% |        8867      3.08%     75.34% |        8878      3.08%     78.42% |        8906      3.09%     81.51% |        8876      3.08%     84.60% |        8857      3.08%     87.67% |        8893      3.09%     90.76% |        8881      3.08%     93.84% |        8850      3.07%     96.92% |        8884      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         448      3.32%      3.32% |         423      3.13%      6.45% |         414      3.06%      9.51% |         404      2.99%     12.50% |         410      3.03%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.06%     21.57% |         418      3.09%     24.66% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         418      3.09%     30.77% |         444      3.29%     34.05% |         437      3.23%     37.29% |         450      3.33%     40.62% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         449      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         407      3.01%     63.17% |         387      2.86%     66.04% |         409      3.03%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         416      3.08%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14970      3.14%      3.14% |       14887      3.12%      6.26% |       14893      3.12%      9.39% |       14893      3.12%     12.51% |       14885      3.12%     15.63% |       14893      3.12%     18.76% |       14896      3.12%     21.88% |       14889      3.12%     25.00% |       14897      3.12%     28.13% |       14902      3.13%     31.25% |       14883      3.12%     34.38% |       14903      3.13%     37.50% |       14894      3.12%     40.63% |       14895      3.12%     43.75% |       14891      3.12%     46.87% |       14887      3.12%     50.00% |       14907      3.13%     53.12% |       14900      3.13%     56.25% |       14899      3.13%     59.37% |       14902      3.13%     62.50% |       14916      3.13%     65.63% |       14924      3.13%     68.76% |       14888      3.12%     71.88% |       14899      3.13%     75.00% |       14910      3.13%     78.13% |       14901      3.13%     81.26% |       14905      3.13%     84.38% |       14895      3.12%     87.51% |       14889      3.12%     90.63% |       14886      3.12%     93.75% |       14897      3.12%     96.88% |       14883      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476759                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75882      7.22%      7.22% |       32860      3.13%     10.35% |       29495      2.81%     13.16% |       32386      3.08%     16.24% |       29776      2.83%     19.07% |       29675      2.82%     21.90% |       29075      2.77%     24.66% |       29694      2.83%     27.49% |       30392      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32535      3.10%     36.33% |       30865      2.94%     39.27% |       30494      2.90%     42.17% |       30302      2.88%     45.06% |       29592      2.82%     47.87% |       30191      2.87%     50.74% |       31496      3.00%     53.74% |       30307      2.88%     56.63% |       30896      2.94%     59.57% |       31630      3.01%     62.58% |       32124      3.06%     65.63% |       37023      3.52%     69.16% |       31246      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.11% |       31231      2.97%     78.08% |       31235      2.97%     81.05% |       31160      2.97%     84.02% |       30870      2.94%     86.95% |       32682      3.11%     90.06% |       32151      3.06%     93.12% |       34121      3.25%     96.37% |       38134      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1050756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.28%      1.28% |           2      2.56%      3.85% |           1      1.28%      5.13% |           3      3.85%      8.97% |           3      3.85%     12.82% |           3      3.85%     16.67% |           4      5.13%     21.79% |           3      3.85%     25.64% |           5      6.41%     32.05% |           3      3.85%     35.90% |           2      2.56%     38.46% |           1      1.28%     39.74% |           3      3.85%     43.59% |           2      2.56%     46.15% |           4      5.13%     51.28% |           3      3.85%     55.13% |           3      3.85%     58.97% |           1      1.28%     60.26% |           2      2.56%     62.82% |           0      0.00%     62.82% |           1      1.28%     64.10% |           0      0.00%     64.10% |           1      1.28%     65.38% |           2      2.56%     67.95% |           3      3.85%     71.79% |           5      6.41%     78.21% |           4      5.13%     83.33% |           5      6.41%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          65     55.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          19     16.24%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |           0      0.00%     71.79% |          14     11.97%     83.76% |           0      0.00%     83.76% |           0      0.00%     83.76% |          17     14.53%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |           2      1.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          66     33.85%     33.85% |           2      1.03%     34.87% |           1      0.51%     35.38% |          22     11.28%     46.67% |           3      1.54%     48.21% |           3      1.54%     49.74% |           4      2.05%     51.79% |           3      1.54%     53.33% |           5      2.56%     55.90% |           3      1.54%     57.44% |           2      1.03%     58.46% |           1      0.51%     58.97% |           3      1.54%     60.51% |           2      1.03%     61.54% |           4      2.05%     63.59% |           3      1.54%     65.13% |          17      8.72%     73.85% |           1      0.51%     74.36% |           2      1.03%     75.38% |          17      8.72%     84.10% |           1      0.51%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      0.51%     85.13% |           2      1.03%     86.15% |           3      1.54%     87.69% |           5      2.56%     90.26% |           4      2.05%     92.31% |           7      3.59%     95.90% |           2      1.03%     96.92% |           2      1.03%     97.95% |           2      1.03%     98.97% |           2      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          195                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       52759     16.55%     16.55% |      159427     50.00%     66.55% |       25977      8.15%     74.69% |       28215      8.85%     83.54% |       25283      7.93%     91.47% |       27193      8.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       318854                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       52759     16.55%     16.55% |      159427     50.00%     66.55% |       25977      8.15%     74.69% |       28215      8.85%     83.54% |       25283      7.93%     91.47% |       27193      8.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       318854                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       52759     16.55%     16.55% |      159427     50.00%     66.55% |       25977      8.15%     74.69% |       28215      8.85%     83.54% |       25283      7.93%     91.47% |       27193      8.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       318854                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       52759     16.55%     16.55% |      159427     50.00%     66.55% |       25977      8.15%     74.69% |       28215      8.85%     83.54% |       25283      7.93%     91.47% |       27193      8.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       318854                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
