
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059751                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59751346500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235919425000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  44190                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    78618                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               66446635                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4844252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   899.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39737441                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70696627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234875243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234875243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67070489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67070489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301945731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301945731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219283                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      610                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      286                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59750855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219283                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.929620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.814532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.703102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41505     48.53%     48.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17819     20.84%     69.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14881     17.40%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2581      3.02%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1831      2.14%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1290      1.51%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1078      1.26%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          919      1.07%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3617      4.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.740714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.972189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11877     96.96%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          192      1.57%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           95      0.78%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           41      0.33%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           16      0.13%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.111764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.076884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.854446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12143     99.13%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            34      0.28%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           54      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3010905582                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7121974332                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13732.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32482.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38519                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211956.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10785838250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46963608750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              328807080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              317701440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              179408625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              173349000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862399200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847665000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205675200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200063520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25625183625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24928317585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13368262500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13979548500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44471917110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44348825925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.372670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.312365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231811881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231811881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64278116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64278116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    296089997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           296089997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216423                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216423                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      211                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      182                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59750596000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216423                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        81166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.935589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.400012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.965063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38362     47.26%     47.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17031     20.98%     68.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14365     17.70%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2522      3.11%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1818      2.24%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1380      1.70%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1058      1.30%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          910      1.12%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3720      4.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        81166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.234334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.340114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11398     96.91%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          174      1.48%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           92      0.78%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           51      0.43%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           23      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.102202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.071490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.792994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11661     99.15%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            40      0.34%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           22      0.19%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           38      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2763989115                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6821507865                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12772.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31522.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156417                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38817                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216147.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11220702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46528858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              312893280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              300714120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              170725500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              164080125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851518200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836261400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197549280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25313411295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24346785060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13641747000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14489664750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44390025435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44230982415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.001964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.339896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231822592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231822592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64298467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64298467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296121059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296121059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13850944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      266                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      221                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59750629000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 159180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        81137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.047401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.447495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.922159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38394     47.32%     47.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16715     20.60%     67.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14565     17.95%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2600      3.20%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1807      2.23%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1355      1.67%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1076      1.33%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          905      1.12%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3720      4.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        81137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.328914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.655861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11410     96.97%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          168      1.43%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           88      0.75%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           48      0.41%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           23      0.20%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      0.11%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.101989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.070849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.800107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11660     99.10%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            48      0.41%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           15      0.13%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           43      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2813975089                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6871868839                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13002.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31752.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156468                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216125.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11119881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46629309000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              312530400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              300857760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              170527500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              164158500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851619600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836316000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197607600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25293036645                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24500277225                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13659619500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14355022500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44387122125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44250199665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.953368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.661555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231575166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231575166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64240628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64240628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295815794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295815794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13836992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      241                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      224                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59750601000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216203                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 158506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  10917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        80716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.961098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.982202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.867331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37990     47.07%     47.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16744     20.74%     67.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14576     18.06%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2501      3.10%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1867      2.31%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1296      1.61%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1066      1.32%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          907      1.12%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3769      4.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        80716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.340824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.977292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11394     96.99%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          165      1.40%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           90      0.77%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           49      0.42%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.105124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.073061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.811783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11649     99.16%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            35      0.30%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           23      0.20%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           41      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2819588079                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6873169329                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13042.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31792.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38943                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216347.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11017184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1994980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46732144500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              310005360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              300207600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              169149750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              163803750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850239000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197251200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3902180880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25207530660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24303915360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13734624750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14527269750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44370981600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44224697940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.683208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.234706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472843                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.465601                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.085587                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.174590                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7470280     99.97%     99.97% |        2425      0.03%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472843                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20882631                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.638339                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450716                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.961000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20017442     95.86%     95.86% |      852552      4.08%     99.94% |        6586      0.03%     99.97% |        2082      0.01%     99.98% |        1138      0.01%     99.99% |         840      0.00%     99.99% |         498      0.00%     99.99% |         414      0.00%     99.99% |        1079      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20882631                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20882628                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.455638                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.778068                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             49.697552                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20865812     99.92%     99.92% |       15259      0.07%     99.99% |         893      0.00%    100.00% |         402      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20882628                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19657407                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000241                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000208                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015597                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19652684     99.98%     99.98% |        4716      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19657407                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225221                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        181.201701                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.604356                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       110.468995                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1208405     98.63%     98.63% |       15259      1.25%     99.87% |         893      0.07%     99.95% |         402      0.03%     99.98% |         184      0.02%     99.99% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225221                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         823129                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       823129                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14111146                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14552367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4747761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4872042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111457                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22680                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52991                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1884943                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45281                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96722                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3102                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99961                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80643                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           97                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80397                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles          110                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99475                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           97                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles          111                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           77                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           95                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           97                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52959                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30741                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38524                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36536                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10203                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27130                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12968                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1393                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9366189                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9366189                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9442655                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9366189                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4643207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4641305                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9366189                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078376                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5761386                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5761386                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5806619                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5761386                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3799030                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3788422                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5761386                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.048211                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4253967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4253967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4285997                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4253967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2072106                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2070279                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4253967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035597                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3762781                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3762781                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3788659                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3762781                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1947405                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1946253                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3762781                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031487                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4060938                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2440058                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2437256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033815                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3751990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3751990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770380                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3751990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2169965                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2169198                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3751990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031397                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4822745                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4822745                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856964                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4822745                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2082990                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082357                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4822745                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040357                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3721502                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3721502                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3746275                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3721502                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1811703                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1810842                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3721502                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031142                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2536296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2536296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2547281                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2536296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1325201                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324828                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2536296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2957360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2957360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2969222                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2957360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1647823                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1647284                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2957360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024747                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2063818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2063818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070080                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2063818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910218                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910046                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2063818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017270                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1733169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1733169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735764                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1733169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785446                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1733169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1994958                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1010931                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010816                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016665                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768764                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768764                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771563                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768764                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801059                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800992                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768763                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014801                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062392                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062392                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064559                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062392                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454714                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454668                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062392                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008890                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500043                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676385                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676260                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495824                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012517                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035691                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035691                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041195                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035691                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821955                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821855                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035691                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017035                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618423                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618423                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622276                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618423                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       689021                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688959                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618423                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013543                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507602                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507602                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513262                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507602                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707554                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707394                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507602                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012616                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893509                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398331                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398268                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891036                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889244                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451735                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451731                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888923                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007439                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541362                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541298                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008243                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       949010                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007935                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004940                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407389                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407383                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007103                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971821                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971821                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972473                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971821                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530173                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530081                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971821                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008132                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934782                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934782                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935482                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934782                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462275                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462254                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934782                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007822                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275509                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275509                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004998                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899855                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880982                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1880041                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032265                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735418                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734641                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030747                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761549                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761549                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793617                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761549                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696732                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695841                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761549                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031477                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852393                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770280                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769348                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031969                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6383168     29.46%     29.46% |    14162126     65.36%     94.81% |     1123631      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21668925                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6383170     29.46%     29.46% |    14162127     65.36%     94.81% |     1123631      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21668928                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   155384303                       |   334645720                       |    25525153                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    17160104                       |    45457264                       |     1124474                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.342819                       |   23.629625                       |   22.716669                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.688337                       |    3.209777                       |    1.000750                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.792374                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.941625                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.733999                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002844                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062334      7.12%      7.12% |    0.062479      7.13%     14.25% |    0.062277      7.11%     21.36% |    0.062433      7.13%     28.48% |    0.144645     16.51%     44.99% |    0.144494     16.49%     61.49% |    0.144668     16.51%     78.00% |    0.144450     16.49%     94.49% |    0.012065      1.38%     95.87% |    0.012069      1.38%     97.25% |    0.012066      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012066      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.876044                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021710                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022639                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002800                       |    0.002145                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002145                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002131                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004932                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002470                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002486                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002434                       |    0.002399                       |    0.002526                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002561                       |    0.002497                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002433                       |    0.002420                       |    0.002570                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002449                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002504                       |    0.002493                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002645                       |    0.010996                       |    0.010850                       |    0.010851                       |    0.010839                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000709                       |    0.007601                       |    0.000956                       |    0.000868                       |    0.000853                       |    0.000862                       |    0.000847                       |    0.000869                       |    0.000816                       |    0.000822                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002566                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002000                       |    0.004025                       |    0.002595                       |    0.000816                       |    0.003671                       |    0.007103                       |    0.003014                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |    0.005551                       |           0                       |    0.008233                       |    0.012150                       |    0.003737                       |    0.004851                       |    0.002559                       |    0.000956                       |    0.007816                       |    0.008534                       |    0.010882                       |    0.004045                       |    0.002544                       |    0.000868                       |    0.010293                       |    0.006725                       |    0.007011                       |           0                       |    0.002536                       |    0.005416                       |           0                       |    0.011237                       |    0.007151                       |    0.004407                       |           0                       |    0.002557                       |           0                       |    0.005012                       |    0.003580                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002003                       |           0                       |    0.002543                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002136                       |    0.004023                       |    0.002548                       |    0.000822                       |    0.004851                       |    0.003419                       |    0.006905                       |    0.002180                       |    0.004033                       |    0.002569                       |    0.000853                       |    0.003845                       |    0.009544                       |    0.010042                       |    0.002929                       |    0.027459                       |    0.004238                       |    0.000709                       |    0.006929                       |    0.014761                       |    0.017872                       |    0.006409                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002567                       |    0.007601                       |    0.006226                       |    0.012467                       |    0.013015                       |    0.006332                       |    0.004033                       |    0.002527                       |    0.000862                       |    0.005666                       |    0.007870                       |    0.006784                       |    0.003654                       |           0                       |    0.002557                       |           0                       |    0.002340                       |    0.004916                       |    0.003407                       |    0.003445                       |           0                       |    0.002534                       |           0                       |    0.001008                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002136                       |           0                       |    0.002574                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |    0.002617                       |           0                       |    0.004263                       |    0.003320                       |    0.004543                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002657                       |    0.005416                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |    0.008046                       |    0.009917                       |    0.002506                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002525                       |    0.000847                       |    0.016706                       |    0.007532                       |    0.006093                       |    0.002621                       |    0.004045                       |    0.002505                       |    0.000869                       |    0.005338                       |    0.010286                       |    0.005568                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002650                       |    0.005411                       |           0                       |    0.003604                       |    0.011286                       |    0.006447                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.004909                       |    0.003226                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |    0.002564                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002422                       |           0                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002005                       |           0                       |    0.004358                       |           0                       |    0.002506                       |           0                       |    0.003017                       |    0.001508                       |    0.005486                       |           0                       |    0.002621                       |           0                       |    0.008325                       |    0.003233                       |    0.002856                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |    0.006358                       |    0.002639                       |           0                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.004354                       |    0.005690                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004918                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002468                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.876044                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8043577                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8043577                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6143769                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5514077                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.750721                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          741961                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12347999                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52698                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9926745                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44996                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12400697                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9971741                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22274744                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97694                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22372438                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4879163                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9799                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4888962                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4879163                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9799                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4888962                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112674320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17658173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48126247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8043577                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6256038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90022256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       233056                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320999                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4878488                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137980                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3941                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108921749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92350795     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1692244      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1172216      1.08%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2675084      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1596041      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731793      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1372586      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           864897      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6466093      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108921749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10424411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86699767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839104                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5580031                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378429                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82371233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378429                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12520898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49726262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6485035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9016043                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30795075                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80957713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8044307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90470117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184758252                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118036803                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      77983946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176846                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34311114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7590516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10150685                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2620320                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2234182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78885534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       657706                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82025741                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172391                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083305                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62822                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108921749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76825484     70.53%     70.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12266432     11.26%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6441162      5.91%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4660460      4.28%     91.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3492990      3.21%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3218023      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1482400      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339254      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195544      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108921749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181163     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631768     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84557      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273040      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59169591     72.14%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12484321     15.22%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10018332     12.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82025741                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.727990                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897488                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274043015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87367788                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75885008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82650141                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2380978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155106                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2669                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5592776                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378429                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7129445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34295200                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79543240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7590516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10150685                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       648490                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         627530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447804                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213998                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81448117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12334523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22276068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6478469                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9941545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722863                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               75965471                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75885044                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45911944                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76048330                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834191                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       594884                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107529862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84605670     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7984122      7.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4373471      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2458852      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2643481      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2084766      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480904      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482942      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2415654      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107529862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39737440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70696624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16066761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6435406                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6096771                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70322367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       663186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54393080     76.94%     77.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6435406      9.10%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9631355     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70696624                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2415654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184570939                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160459872                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3752571                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39737440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70696624                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.835470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.835470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120204430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59135937                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29751243                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24624439                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35413236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10653018500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10653018500.000004                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408228                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        26.012811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.219993                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.870760                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3405665     99.92%     99.92% |        2425      0.07%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408228                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039177                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.023369                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.987257                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.504958                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      643618     15.93%     15.93% |     2230011     55.21%     71.14% |     1126023     27.88%     99.02% |       39426      0.98%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039177                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25438                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.369172                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.888428                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.879533                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         793      3.12%      3.12% |        3492     13.73%     16.84% |       11468     45.08%     61.93% |        5117     20.12%     82.04% |        4143     16.29%     98.33% |         365      1.43%     99.76% |          54      0.21%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25438                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6154297                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.083792                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.109436                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          78.983349                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6140716     99.78%     99.78% |       12025      0.20%     99.97% |         892      0.01%     99.99% |         402      0.01%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6154297                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5350297                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000531                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000458                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023223                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5347467     99.95%     99.95% |        2824      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5350297                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       804000                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     202.657409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.530100                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    114.442343                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      790419     98.31%     98.31% |       12025      1.50%     99.81% |         892      0.11%     99.92% |         402      0.05%     99.97% |         184      0.02%     99.99% |          52      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        804000                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9698713                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.818284                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.362930                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.599160                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9509699     98.05%     98.05% |      166641      1.72%     99.77% |       19028      0.20%     99.97% |         360      0.00%     99.97% |        1300      0.01%     99.98% |        1491      0.02%    100.00% |         193      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9698713                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9411070                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000188                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000162                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013721                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9409301     99.98%     99.98% |        1768      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9411070                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287643                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.456180                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.813956                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.768234                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98629     34.29%     34.29% |      166641     57.93%     92.22% |       19028      6.62%     98.84% |         360      0.13%     98.96% |        1300      0.45%     99.41% |        1491      0.52%     99.93% |         193      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287643                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4872040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.089828                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256886                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.705283                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4858395     99.72%     99.72% |       11219      0.23%     99.95% |        2170      0.04%     99.99% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4872040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4747761                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4747760    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4747761                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.926359                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.147250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.935861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.02%     89.02% |       11219      9.03%     98.05% |        2170      1.75%     99.79% |          46      0.04%     99.83% |          90      0.07%     99.90% |         107      0.09%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.751037                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.147421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154291     98.73%     98.73% |        1528      0.98%     99.71% |         394      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147003                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146880     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147003                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.947136                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.727738                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.514805                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1528     16.49%     95.11% |         394      4.25%     99.36% |          19      0.20%     99.57% |          19      0.20%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        16088                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       629916                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        68625                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18015                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     8072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54473                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108775                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  108704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8081                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6636                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    6637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    194                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    974                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    802                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   194                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   921                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   864                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   919                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   199                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   188                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                        9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       18                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      38                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                24746359                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                12654679                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               151982850                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6135443                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               651987758                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                11926839                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               149021947                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 7060358                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                18653072                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               11890729                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              145538502                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                5875850                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               19019499                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               11244589                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              139034810                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles                5736727                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               18429564                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               12229117                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              150416292                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles                6487887                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               19069826                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               11805795                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              149908198                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles                6338928                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               19047020                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               14244234                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              176240267                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               38592786                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               50987951                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30819064                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               44221544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              171808067                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               37809656                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               50574015                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107804                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6257                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53332                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6242                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6244                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6250                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53384                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107554                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6248                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3548                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107745                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6250                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53449                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              108023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53448                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3125                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107474                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                868                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                972                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                793                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                158                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               979                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               986                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               851                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               920                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               862                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               907                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               799                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               855                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               777                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8939                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4018                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1124                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4025                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4533                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               3512                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                78                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               74                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               74                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               71                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               76                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               72                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 757205                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8814130                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1192568                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8925816                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 697753                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8674878                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1197562                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                8991692                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 685930                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8660934                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1176215                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8836460                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                697564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8622677                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1126802                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8839602                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                679781                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8554061                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1192241                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8758333                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                697260                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8556467                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1182786                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8794363                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                676707                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9179141                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1172272                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9292655                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                737624                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8887731                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1144621                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9062554                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                717251                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                643835                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8730073                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1134519                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8838807                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                672603                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8592275                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1149015                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8906008                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                662698                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8576849                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1119033                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8749569                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               672646                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8540091                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1077302                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8753964                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               656748                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8470002                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1135397                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8671510                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               672608                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8473849                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1131967                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8708757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               653204                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9091861                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1114000                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9202530                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               708474                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8802268                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1089576                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8974007                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               690236                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             267510                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             571024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             469443                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             579444                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              92449                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             570863                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             420981                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             577628                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              94040                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            572190                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            451853                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            577456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             93850                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            573021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            407270                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            577213                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             96091                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            570644                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            468335                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            577359                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             98915                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            571578                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            434716                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            576872                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            100030                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            577344                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            473020                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles            105343                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            573545                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            453251                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            578622                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            101542                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               906904                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               113572                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               116104                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               120596                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101415                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               105498                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               110074                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              114282                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              116077                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              121951                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101720                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105594                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              109517                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113300                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115563                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120692                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              101851                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              105294                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108204                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136800                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              142262                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143902                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124893                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128728                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              131942                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           643835                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8730073                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1134519                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8838807                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           672603                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8592275                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1149015                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8906008                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           662698                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8576849                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1119033                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8749569                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          672646                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8540091                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1077302                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8753964                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          656748                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8470002                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1135397                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8671510                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          672608                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8473849                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1131967                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8708757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          653204                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9091861                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1114000                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9202530                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          708474                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8802268                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1089576                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8974007                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          690236                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263031                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        571024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        468066                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        579444                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         92347                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        570863                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        419399                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        577628                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         93405                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       572190                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       451706                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       577456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        92798                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       573021                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       406768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       577213                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        95098                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       570644                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       467569                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       577359                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        97057                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       571578                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       433664                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       576872                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        97912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       577344                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       467328                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time       101271                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       573545                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       447655                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       578622                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        97707                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          606538                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          113572                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          116104                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          119675                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101415                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          105498                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          109271                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         114282                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         116077                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         120828                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101720                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         108492                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113300                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115563                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119800                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         101851                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         105294                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107400                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136800                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         142262                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142829                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124893                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128728                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         130957                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             756948                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8744386                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1134519                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8853994                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             687728                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8605134                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1149015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8919875                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             676444                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8591190                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1119033                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8764638                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            687642                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8552933                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1077302                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8767795                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            670202                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8484317                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1135397                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8686516                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            687652                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8486723                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1131967                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8722541                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            666890                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9109397                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1114000                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9220833                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            726618                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8817987                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1089576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           8990737                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            706877                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1668                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1381                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1560                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               966                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1693                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1428                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1355                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles             1378                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             1572                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1823                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1486                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1542                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             2123                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1774                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2295                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1864                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98704420                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103297047                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104115466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108742595                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98704416                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103297043                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104115462                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108742591                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98704422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103297049                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104115468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108742597                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98704418                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103297045                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104115464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108742593                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98704427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103297054                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104115473                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108742602                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98704423                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103297050                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104115469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108742598                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98704439                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103297066                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104115485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108742614                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98704435                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103297062                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104115481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108742610                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11139837                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15193804                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11182000                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14863174                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10735696                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15178206                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11189706                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14850864                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10730697                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15138488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11189614                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14811462                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10735995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15139007                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11181466                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14810694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10724493                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15108840                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11189125                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14770349                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10734826                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15105116                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11175681                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14770276                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10720817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15396685                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11195556                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15050387                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10751677                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15298718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11192641                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14967962                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10744243                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               830                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               888                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              797                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0              134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              8939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4025                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4533                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             3512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3075                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             39082                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39044                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48847                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            38885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44741                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2421                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219256     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56722     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219283     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.92%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62618     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154342     25.03%     25.03% |      154122     25.00%     50.03% |      154117     25.00%     75.03% |      153942     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219256     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56467     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154342     25.03%     25.03% |      154122     25.00%     50.03% |      154117     25.00%     75.03% |      153942     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219256     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216433     24.93%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868314                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56467     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4766093     77.43%     77.43% |          76      0.00%     77.43% |      181859      2.95%     80.39% |      172603      2.80%     83.19% |      172515      2.80%     85.99% |      172387      2.80%     88.79% |      172387      2.80%     91.60% |      172731      2.81%     94.40% |      172555      2.80%     97.20% |      172043      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6155249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4872106    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4872106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9788715     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        8001      0.08%     99.55% |        7489      0.08%     99.63% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.78% |        8001      0.08%     99.86% |        6977      0.07%     99.93% |        6977      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9857781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15722     73.09%     73.09% |          71      0.33%     73.42% |        2320     10.79%     84.21% |         487      2.26%     86.47% |         481      2.24%     88.71% |         478      2.22%     90.93% |         499      2.32%     93.25% |         509      2.37%     95.62% |         453      2.11%     97.72% |         490      2.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561709     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96183      7.90%     54.06% |       80106      6.58%     60.64% |       79857      6.56%     67.20% |       79861      6.56%     73.76% |       79865      6.56%     80.33% |       80091      6.58%     86.91% |       79712      6.55%     93.46% |       79648      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         135     13.73%     14.45% |         134     13.63%     28.08% |         133     13.53%     41.61% |         137     13.94%     55.54% |         139     14.14%     69.68% |         165     16.79%     86.47% |         133     13.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.48%      0.48% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          81      2.75%      3.33% |         408     13.85%     17.18% |         407     13.82%     31.00% |         404     13.72%     44.72% |         421     14.30%     59.02% |         424     14.40%     73.41% |         370     12.56%     85.98% |         413     14.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     85.33%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           4      5.33%     90.67% |           2      2.67%     93.33% |           4      5.33%     98.67% |           1      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154486     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85688     10.73%     30.09% |       79921     10.01%     40.10% |       79729      9.99%     50.09% |       79732      9.99%     60.08% |       79721      9.99%     70.07% |       79910     10.01%     80.08% |       79524      9.96%     90.04% |       79532      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2268     77.01%     77.49% |          97      3.29%     80.78% |          87      2.95%     83.74% |          94      3.19%     86.93% |          97      3.29%     90.22% |         104      3.53%     93.75% |         101      3.43%     97.18% |          83      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      410991     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8687      2.05%     99.04% |         609      0.14%     99.18% |         565      0.13%     99.32% |         559      0.13%     99.45% |         567      0.13%     99.58% |         599      0.14%     99.73% |         608      0.14%     99.87% |         557      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.10%     37.10% |          16      8.60%     45.70% |          16      8.60%     54.30% |          16      8.60%     62.90% |          17      9.14%     72.04% |          19     10.22%     82.26% |          18      9.68%     91.94% |          15      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.21%      9.21% |           0      0.00%      9.21% |          79     34.65%     43.86% |          16      7.02%     50.88% |          16      7.02%     57.89% |          16      7.02%     64.91% |          21      9.21%     74.12% |          21      9.21%     83.33% |          22      9.65%     92.98% |          16      7.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438220     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93596      8.63%     49.02% |       79231      7.30%     56.33% |       78999      7.28%     63.61% |       79006      7.28%     70.89% |       78982      7.28%     78.17% |       79194      7.30%     85.47% |       78802      7.26%     92.74% |       78783      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153623     19.15%     19.15% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88207     10.99%     30.14% |       80274     10.00%     40.15% |       80067      9.98%     50.13% |       80071      9.98%     60.10% |       80068      9.98%     70.08% |       80268     10.00%     80.09% |       79922      9.96%     90.05% |       79872      9.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122931    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8488      2.86%     99.26% |         344      0.12%     99.38% |         302      0.10%     99.48% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         335      0.11%     99.80% |         302      0.10%     99.90% |         288      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11273     67.31%     67.31% |           0      0.00%     67.31% |        2295     13.70%     81.01% |         456      2.72%     83.73% |         453      2.70%     86.44% |         449      2.68%     89.12% |         468      2.79%     91.91% |         478      2.85%     94.76% |         420      2.51%     97.27% |         457      2.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1460     91.77%     91.77% |          38      2.39%     94.15% |          12      0.75%     94.91% |           9      0.57%     95.47% |          12      0.75%     96.23% |          12      0.75%     96.98% |          12      0.75%     97.74% |          12      0.75%     98.49% |          12      0.75%     99.25% |          12      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1350    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         823     42.69%     42.69% |           0      0.00%     42.69% |          17      0.88%     43.57% |         154      7.99%     51.56% |         147      7.62%     59.18% |         147      7.62%     66.80% |         153      7.94%     74.74% |         155      8.04%     82.78% |         182      9.44%     92.22% |         150      7.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87406     12.29%     14.01% |       87335     12.28%     26.29% |       87447     12.30%     38.59% |       87030     12.24%     50.83% |       87342     12.28%     63.11% |       87432     12.29%     75.41% |       87682     12.33%     87.74% |       87216     12.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4747761    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4747761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.73%     13.73% |           0      0.00%     13.73% |          15      9.80%     23.53% |          16     10.46%     33.99% |          16     10.46%     44.44% |          16     10.46%     54.90% |          17     11.11%     66.01% |          19     12.42%     78.43% |          18     11.76%     90.20% |          15      9.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2206     89.64%     89.64% |          14      0.57%     90.21% |          25      1.02%     91.22% |          31      1.26%     92.48% |          28      1.14%     93.62% |          29      1.18%     94.80% |          31      1.26%     96.06% |          31      1.26%     97.32% |          33      1.34%     98.66% |          33      1.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122549     94.14%     94.14% |           0      0.00%     94.14% |        2570      1.97%     96.12% |         721      0.55%     96.67% |         711      0.55%     97.22% |         708      0.54%     97.76% |         730      0.56%     98.32% |         742      0.57%     98.89% |         728      0.56%     99.45% |         715      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1606596     97.60%     97.60% |           0      0.00%     97.60% |        6009      0.37%     97.96% |        4760      0.29%     98.25% |        4764      0.29%     98.54% |        5049      0.31%     98.85% |        4742      0.29%     99.14% |        4794      0.29%     99.43% |        4715      0.29%     99.71% |        4719      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1646148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25209     50.75%     50.75% |           0      0.00%     50.75% |        3075      6.19%     56.94% |        3058      6.16%     63.09% |        3066      6.17%     69.26% |        3066      6.17%     75.44% |        3058      6.16%     81.59% |        3063      6.17%     87.76% |        3032      6.10%     93.86% |        3049      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1942     97.15%     97.15% |          57      2.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127216     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82420     11.08%     28.18% |       76535     10.29%     38.47% |       76335     10.26%     48.73% |       76342     10.26%     58.99% |       76326     10.26%     69.25% |       76506     10.28%     79.54% |       76075     10.23%     89.76% |       76153     10.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.79%     13.79% |         126     13.79%     27.57% |         126     13.79%     41.36% |         126     13.79%     55.14% |         126     13.79%     68.93% |         158     17.29%     86.21% |         126     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.65% |          67     10.88%     11.53% |          76     12.34%     23.86% |          76     12.34%     36.20% |          72     11.69%     47.89% |          85     13.80%     61.69% |          89     14.45%     76.14% |          69     11.20%     87.34% |          78     12.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2991218     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         223      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2993014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9475878     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4583      0.05%     99.75% |        4105      0.04%     99.79% |        4105      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.88% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3624      0.04%     99.96% |        3624      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9509673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311004     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2696      0.79%     95.30% |        2664      0.78%     96.08% |        2664      0.78%     96.86% |        2656      0.78%     97.64% |        2688      0.79%     98.43% |        2727      0.80%     99.23% |        2630      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.14%     10.14% |           9     13.04%     23.19% |           8     11.59%     34.78% |           7     10.14%     44.93% |          11     15.94%     60.87% |          13     18.84%     79.71% |           7     10.14%     89.86% |           7     10.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         332     14.26%     15.41% |         331     14.21%     29.63% |         332     14.26%     43.88% |         336     14.43%     58.31% |         335     14.38%     72.69% |         301     12.92%     85.62% |         335     14.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154486     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85688     10.73%     30.09% |       79921     10.01%     40.10% |       79729      9.99%     50.09% |       79732      9.99%     60.08% |       79721      9.99%     70.07% |       79910     10.01%     80.08% |       79524      9.96%     90.04% |       79532      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2268     77.01%     77.49% |          97      3.29%     80.78% |          87      2.95%     83.74% |          94      3.19%     86.93% |          97      3.29%     90.22% |         104      3.53%     93.75% |         101      3.43%     97.18% |          83      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124874     98.30%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |         263      0.21%     98.51% |         265      0.21%     98.72% |         263      0.21%     98.93% |         257      0.20%     99.13% |         262      0.21%     99.34% |         266      0.21%     99.54% |         309      0.24%     99.79% |         269      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     85.33%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           4      5.33%     90.67% |           2      2.67%     93.33% |           4      5.33%     98.67% |           1      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286117     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         344      0.12%     99.38% |         302      0.10%     99.49% |         302      0.10%     99.59% |         305      0.10%     99.69% |         333      0.11%     99.80% |         299      0.10%     99.90% |         288      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.10%     37.10% |          16      8.60%     45.70% |          16      8.60%     54.30% |          16      8.60%     62.90% |          17      9.14%     72.04% |          19     10.22%     82.26% |          18      9.68%     91.94% |          15      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.21%      9.21% |           0      0.00%      9.21% |          79     34.65%     43.86% |          16      7.02%     50.88% |          16      7.02%     57.89% |          16      7.02%     64.91% |          21      9.21%     74.12% |          21      9.21%     83.33% |          22      9.65%     92.98% |          16      7.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         951    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438220     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93596      8.63%     49.02% |       79231      7.30%     56.33% |       78999      7.28%     63.61% |       79006      7.28%     70.89% |       78982      7.28%     78.17% |       79194      7.30%     85.47% |       78802      7.26%     92.74% |       78783      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3487      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3592      2.89%     14.66% |        3974      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3270      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3911      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3491      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.03% |        3904      3.14%     46.18% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4188      3.37%     55.92% |        3559      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3094      2.49%     63.90% |        3725      3.00%     66.90% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3649      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5245      4.22%     92.33% |        5076      4.08%     96.41% |        4464      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124311                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64994      8.08%      8.08% |       24831      3.09%     11.17% |       23705      2.95%     14.12% |       24439      3.04%     17.16% |       23820      2.96%     20.12% |       23536      2.93%     23.05% |       23089      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24582      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25084      3.12%     37.92% |       24511      3.05%     40.97% |       23552      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.51% |       25146      3.13%     55.64% |       23727      2.95%     58.59% |       23921      2.98%     61.57% |       23907      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.49% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24410      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22899      2.85%     87.97% |       23521      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23845      2.97%     96.73% |       26298      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14712      4.96%      4.96% |        8838      2.98%      7.93% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.93%     13.97% |        9390      3.16%     17.14% |        8830      2.98%     20.11% |        8953      3.02%     23.13% |        8612      2.90%     26.03% |        9444      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.14%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.25% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.29% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.81% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296803                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         134     87.58%     87.58% |           0      0.00%     87.58% |           1      0.65%     88.24% |           1      0.65%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2      1.31%     90.20% |           1      0.65%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           7      4.58%     95.42% |           1      0.65%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           1      0.65%     96.73% |           0      0.00%     96.73% |           2      1.31%     98.04% |           1      0.65%     98.69% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76714      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33635      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33978      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35240      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9268      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.09%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.23% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217989                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19500      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19344      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19296      3.13%     15.68% |       19254      3.12%     18.80% |       19236      3.12%     21.92% |       19250      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19321      3.13%     34.43% |       19257      3.12%     37.55% |       19304      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19292      3.13%     56.30% |       19248      3.12%     59.42% |       19216      3.12%     62.54% |       19239      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19285      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19226      3.12%     87.51% |       19249      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19245      3.12%     96.87% |       19286      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616730                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29884      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27135      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27057      3.12%     15.92% |       27027      3.11%     19.03% |       27019      3.11%     22.14% |       27023      3.11%     25.25% |       27053      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27049      3.12%     37.72% |       27079      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27067      3.12%     56.42% |       27040      3.11%     59.53% |       26996      3.11%     62.64% |       27017      3.11%     65.75% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27071      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       26999      3.11%     87.55% |       27030      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27010      3.11%     96.88% |       27050      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28860      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26033      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25999      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25972      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26047      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26026      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835546                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         239      9.09%      9.09% |          78      2.97%     12.05% |          84      3.19%     15.25% |          84      3.19%     18.44% |          95      3.61%     22.05% |          92      3.50%     25.55% |          72      2.74%     28.29% |          76      2.89%     31.18% |          80      3.04%     34.22% |          74      2.81%     37.03% |          78      2.97%     40.00% |          73      2.78%     42.78% |          78      2.97%     45.74% |          70      2.66%     48.40% |          72      2.74%     51.14% |          70      2.66%     53.80% |          71      2.70%     56.50% |          75      2.85%     59.35% |          77      2.93%     62.28% |          74      2.81%     65.10% |          71      2.70%     67.79% |          77      2.93%     70.72% |          74      2.81%     73.54% |          73      2.78%     76.31% |          74      2.81%     79.13% |          78      2.97%     82.09% |          78      2.97%     85.06% |          79      3.00%     88.06% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.07% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2630                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.27%     96.27% |           4      0.65%     96.92% |           3      0.49%     97.40% |           3      0.49%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           1      0.16%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           1      0.16%     98.21% |           4      0.65%     98.86% |           4      0.65%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         508     18.08%     18.08% |          94      3.35%     21.43% |          90      3.20%     24.64% |          90      3.20%     27.84% |          69      2.46%     30.30% |          69      2.46%     32.75% |          69      2.46%     35.21% |          69      2.46%     37.66% |          69      2.46%     40.12% |          69      2.46%     42.58% |          69      2.46%     45.03% |          69      2.46%     47.49% |          72      2.56%     50.05% |          69      2.46%     52.51% |          70      2.49%     55.00% |          69      2.46%     57.46% |          69      2.46%     59.91% |          97      3.45%     63.37% |          98      3.49%     66.86% |          98      3.49%     70.35% |          69      2.46%     72.80% |          69      2.46%     75.26% |          71      2.53%     77.79% |          69      2.46%     80.24% |          69      2.46%     82.70% |          70      2.49%     85.19% |          69      2.46%     87.65% |          69      2.46%     90.10% |          71      2.53%     92.63% |          69      2.46%     95.09% |          69      2.46%     97.54% |          69      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2809                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1061      5.85%      5.85% |         529      2.92%      8.77% |         544      3.00%     11.76% |         528      2.91%     14.68% |         542      2.99%     17.66% |         534      2.94%     20.61% |         524      2.89%     23.50% |         540      2.98%     26.47% |         549      3.03%     29.50% |         539      2.97%     32.47% |         579      3.19%     35.66% |         560      3.09%     38.75% |         586      3.23%     41.98% |         580      3.20%     45.18% |         563      3.10%     48.28% |         562      3.10%     51.38% |         574      3.16%     54.55% |         583      3.21%     57.76% |         545      3.00%     60.76% |         525      2.89%     63.66% |         535      2.95%     66.61% |         544      3.00%     69.61% |         531      2.93%     72.53% |         537      2.96%     75.49% |         565      3.11%     78.61% |         564      3.11%     81.72% |         557      3.07%     84.79% |         542      2.99%     87.78% |         537      2.96%     90.74% |         555      3.06%     93.80% |         544      3.00%     96.80% |         581      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         770     26.15%     26.15% |          75      2.55%     28.69% |          72      2.44%     31.14% |          72      2.44%     33.58% |          69      2.34%     35.93% |          69      2.34%     38.27% |          69      2.34%     40.61% |          69      2.34%     42.95% |          69      2.34%     45.30% |          69      2.34%     47.64% |          69      2.34%     49.98% |          69      2.34%     52.33% |          73      2.48%     54.80% |          69      2.34%     57.15% |          70      2.38%     59.52% |          69      2.34%     61.87% |          70      2.38%     64.24% |          73      2.48%     66.72% |          74      2.51%     69.24% |          73      2.48%     71.71% |          69      2.34%     74.06% |          69      2.34%     76.40% |          71      2.41%     78.81% |          69      2.34%     81.15% |          69      2.34%     83.50% |          70      2.38%     85.87% |          69      2.34%     88.22% |          69      2.34%     90.56% |          71      2.41%     92.97% |          69      2.34%     95.31% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77858      7.11%      7.11% |       33394      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32860      3.00%     16.14% |       33108      3.02%     19.17% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31959      2.92%     25.01% |       31675      2.89%     27.90% |       33954      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33125      3.02%     40.11% |       32700      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     46.00% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34274      3.13%     54.92% |       32115      2.93%     57.85% |       32976      3.01%     60.86% |       32543      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33649      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33171      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35576      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095248                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         411      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         421      3.11%     15.19% |         397      2.93%     18.12% |         400      2.96%     21.08% |         418      3.09%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.24% |         430      3.18%     33.42% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         459      3.39%     39.97% |         449      3.32%     43.29% |         431      3.19%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         449      3.32%     56.32% |         420      3.10%     59.43% |         397      2.93%     62.36% |         403      2.98%     65.34% |         425      3.14%     68.48% |         406      3.00%     71.48% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         440      3.25%     77.79% |         443      3.27%     81.06% |         445      3.29%     84.35% |         422      3.12%     87.47% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13529                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23441      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20689      3.11%     16.00% |       20688      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20635      3.10%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20704      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664588                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.66% |        5942      3.12%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1205     44.12%     44.12% |         198      7.25%     51.37% |         177      6.48%     57.85% |         183      6.70%     64.56% |          14      0.51%     65.07% |         248      9.08%     74.15% |          14      0.51%     74.66% |           5      0.18%     74.84% |           3      0.11%     74.95% |           1      0.04%     74.99% |          16      0.59%     75.58% |           4      0.15%     75.72% |           1      0.04%     75.76% |           1      0.04%     75.80% |          39      1.43%     77.22% |          16      0.59%     77.81% |           9      0.33%     78.14% |         160      5.86%     84.00% |         213      7.80%     91.80% |         164      6.01%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.84% |          15      0.55%     98.39% |          10      0.37%     98.76% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          78     72.22%     72.22% |           6      5.56%     77.78% |           2      1.85%     79.63% |           5      4.63%     84.26% |           0      0.00%     84.26% |           1      0.93%     85.19% |           1      0.93%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           1      0.93%     87.04% |           0      0.00%     87.04% |           0      0.00%     87.04% |           5      4.63%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           3      2.78%     94.44% |           1      0.93%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           1      0.93%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      0.93%     97.22% |           1      0.93%     98.15% |           2      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         134     87.58%     87.58% |           0      0.00%     87.58% |           1      0.65%     88.24% |           1      0.65%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           2      1.31%     90.20% |           1      0.65%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           0      0.00%     90.85% |           7      4.58%     95.42% |           1      0.65%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           1      0.65%     96.73% |           0      0.00%     96.73% |           2      1.31%     98.04% |           1      0.65%     98.69% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         890      6.39%      6.39% |         387      2.78%      9.17% |         410      2.94%     12.12% |         402      2.89%     15.00% |         420      3.02%     18.02% |         399      2.87%     20.89% |         401      2.88%     23.77% |         416      2.99%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.65% |         410      2.94%     32.59% |         430      3.09%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         454      3.26%     42.02% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.12%     51.42% |         442      3.17%     54.59% |         449      3.22%     57.82% |         422      3.03%     60.85% |         399      2.87%     63.71% |         402      2.89%     66.60% |         421      3.02%     69.63% |         401      2.88%     72.51% |         408      2.93%     75.44% |         437      3.14%     78.58% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.90% |         420      3.02%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.05%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13923                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39574     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.44% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.31% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3813      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.72% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.80% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.05% |        4392      3.28%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.89% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3652      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.76% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5517      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133723                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8541      8.10%      8.10% |        2870      2.72%     10.82% |        3268      3.10%     13.91% |        2698      2.56%     16.47% |        3400      3.22%     19.69% |        2858      2.71%     22.40% |        2983      2.83%     25.23% |        2656      2.52%     27.75% |        3466      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.15% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.36% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105500                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9222      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215645                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18479      3.08%      3.08% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.12% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.76% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18783      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         770     26.15%     26.15% |          75      2.55%     28.69% |          72      2.44%     31.14% |          72      2.44%     33.58% |          69      2.34%     35.93% |          69      2.34%     38.27% |          69      2.34%     40.61% |          69      2.34%     42.95% |          69      2.34%     45.30% |          69      2.34%     47.64% |          69      2.34%     49.98% |          69      2.34%     52.33% |          73      2.48%     54.80% |          69      2.34%     57.15% |          70      2.38%     59.52% |          69      2.34%     61.87% |          70      2.38%     64.24% |          73      2.48%     66.72% |          74      2.51%     69.24% |          73      2.48%     71.71% |          69      2.34%     74.06% |          69      2.34%     76.40% |          71      2.41%     78.81% |          69      2.34%     81.15% |          69      2.34%     83.50% |          70      2.38%     85.87% |          69      2.34%     88.22% |          69      2.34%     90.56% |          71      2.41%     92.97% |          69      2.34%     95.31% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          84      8.55%      8.55% |          29      2.95%     11.50% |          29      2.95%     14.45% |          29      2.95%     17.40% |          29      2.95%     20.35% |          29      2.95%     23.30% |          29      2.95%     26.25% |          29      2.95%     29.20% |          29      2.95%     32.15% |          29      2.95%     35.10% |          29      2.95%     38.05% |          29      2.95%     41.00% |          29      2.95%     43.95% |          29      2.95%     46.90% |          29      2.95%     49.85% |          29      2.95%     52.80% |          29      2.95%     55.75% |          29      2.95%     58.70% |          29      2.95%     61.65% |          29      2.95%     64.60% |          29      2.95%     67.55% |          29      2.95%     70.50% |          29      2.95%     73.45% |          29      2.95%     76.40% |          29      2.95%     79.35% |          29      2.95%     82.30% |          29      2.95%     85.25% |          29      2.95%     88.20% |          29      2.95%     91.15% |          29      2.95%     94.10% |          29      2.95%     97.05% |          29      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76714      7.07%      7.07% |       33082      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33635      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33978      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35240      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         131      6.19%      6.19% |          71      3.35%      9.54% |          74      3.50%     13.04% |          67      3.16%     16.20% |          76      3.59%     19.79% |          81      3.83%     23.62% |          52      2.46%     26.07% |          59      2.79%     28.86% |          84      3.97%     32.83% |          63      2.98%     35.81% |          86      4.06%     39.87% |          64      3.02%     42.89% |          61      2.88%     45.77% |          64      3.02%     48.80% |          63      2.98%     51.77% |          54      2.55%     54.32% |          62      2.93%     57.25% |          68      3.21%     60.46% |          57      2.69%     63.16% |          56      2.65%     65.80% |          63      2.98%     68.78% |          57      2.69%     71.47% |          58      2.74%     74.21% |          57      2.69%     76.90% |          58      2.74%     79.64% |          60      2.83%     82.48% |          52      2.46%     84.93% |          58      2.74%     87.67% |          55      2.60%     90.27% |          56      2.65%     92.91% |          60      2.83%     95.75% |          90      4.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     25.81%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           8     25.81%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |          13     41.94%     93.55% |           1      3.23%     96.77% |           1      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           9     75.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28860      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26033      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25999      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25972      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26047      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26026      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835546                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     44.44%     44.44% |           5     55.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.90%      2.90% |           5      2.42%      5.31% |          12      5.80%     11.11% |          14      6.76%     17.87% |          25     12.08%     29.95% |          22     10.63%     40.58% |           1      0.48%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |          10      4.83%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           8      3.86%     55.56% |           3      1.45%     57.00% |           4      1.93%     58.94% |           1      0.48%     59.42% |           2      0.97%     60.39% |           1      0.48%     60.87% |           2      0.97%     61.84% |           6      2.90%     64.73% |           6      2.90%     67.63% |           4      1.93%     69.57% |           2      0.97%     70.53% |           6      2.90%     73.43% |           2      0.97%     74.40% |           2      0.97%     75.36% |           4      1.93%     77.29% |           7      3.38%     80.68% |           7      3.38%     84.06% |           8      3.86%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |          11      5.31%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         125      6.54%      6.54% |          66      3.46%     10.00% |          62      3.25%     13.25% |          53      2.77%     16.02% |          51      2.67%     18.69% |          59      3.09%     21.78% |          51      2.67%     24.45% |          52      2.72%     27.17% |          74      3.87%     31.05% |          58      3.04%     34.08% |          78      4.08%     38.17% |          61      3.19%     41.36% |          57      2.98%     44.35% |          63      3.30%     47.64% |          61      3.19%     50.84% |          53      2.77%     53.61% |          60      3.14%     56.75% |          62      3.25%     60.00% |          51      2.67%     62.67% |          52      2.72%     65.39% |          61      3.19%     68.59% |          51      2.67%     71.26% |          56      2.93%     74.19% |          55      2.88%     77.07% |          54      2.83%     79.90% |          53      2.77%     82.67% |          45      2.36%     85.03% |          50      2.62%     87.64% |          49      2.57%     90.21% |          50      2.62%     92.83% |          49      2.57%     95.39% |          88      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1910                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         459     78.19%     78.19% |          23      3.92%     82.11% |          21      3.58%     85.69% |          21      3.58%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |           0      0.00%     89.27% |          21      3.58%     92.84% |          21      3.58%     96.42% |          21      3.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          587                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         890      6.39%      6.39% |         387      2.78%      9.17% |         410      2.94%     12.12% |         402      2.89%     15.00% |         420      3.02%     18.02% |         399      2.87%     20.89% |         401      2.88%     23.77% |         416      2.99%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.65% |         410      2.94%     32.59% |         430      3.09%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         454      3.26%     42.02% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.12%     51.42% |         442      3.17%     54.59% |         449      3.22%     57.82% |         422      3.03%     60.85% |         399      2.87%     63.71% |         402      2.89%     66.60% |         421      3.02%     69.63% |         401      2.88%     72.51% |         408      2.93%     75.44% |         437      3.14%     78.58% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.90% |         420      3.02%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.05%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13923                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23438      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20689      3.11%     16.00% |       20688      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20635      3.10%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20704      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         437      3.23%      3.23% |         386      2.85%      6.08% |         412      3.04%      9.13% |         404      2.99%     12.11% |         421      3.11%     15.22% |         397      2.93%     18.16% |         400      2.96%     21.11% |         418      3.09%     24.20% |         407      3.01%     27.21% |         414      3.06%     30.27% |         430      3.18%     33.44% |         428      3.16%     36.61% |         459      3.39%     40.00% |         449      3.32%     43.32% |         431      3.18%     46.50% |         439      3.24%     49.75% |         444      3.28%     53.03% |         449      3.32%     56.34% |         420      3.10%     59.45% |         397      2.93%     62.38% |         403      2.98%     65.36% |         425      3.14%     68.50% |         406      3.00%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.55% |         440      3.25%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.08% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         421      3.11%     87.48% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.66% |        5942      3.12%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         212     81.23%     81.23% |           6      2.30%     83.52% |           3      1.15%     84.67% |           6      2.30%     86.97% |           0      0.00%     86.97% |           1      0.38%     87.36% |           1      0.38%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.38%     88.12% |           0      0.00%     88.12% |           0      0.00%     88.12% |           5      1.92%     90.04% |           0      0.00%     90.04% |           2      0.77%     90.80% |           1      0.38%     91.19% |           0      0.00%     91.19% |           0      0.00%     91.19% |          10      3.83%     95.02% |           2      0.77%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           1      0.38%     96.17% |           0      0.00%     96.17% |           2      0.77%     96.93% |           1      0.38%     97.32% |           4      1.53%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.23% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           5     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77646      7.09%      7.09% |       33388      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.13% |       32854      3.00%     16.13% |       33108      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.07% |       31958      2.92%     24.99% |       31675      2.89%     27.89% |       33954      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33125      3.03%     40.10% |       32695      2.99%     43.09% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34274      3.13%     54.91% |       32115      2.93%     57.84% |       32966      3.01%     60.85% |       32541      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31818      2.91%     87.68% |       33167      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35575      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094987                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           5     31.25%     43.75% |           4     25.00%     68.75% |           5     31.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         177      7.63%      7.63% |          71      3.06%     10.69% |          69      2.98%     13.67% |          64      2.76%     16.43% |          69      2.98%     19.40% |          69      2.98%     22.38% |          69      2.98%     25.36% |          69      2.98%     28.33% |          69      2.98%     31.31% |          69      2.98%     34.28% |          69      2.98%     37.26% |          66      2.85%     40.10% |          73      3.15%     43.25% |          69      2.98%     46.23% |          69      2.98%     49.20% |          69      2.98%     52.18% |          69      2.98%     55.15% |          69      2.98%     58.13% |          70      3.02%     61.15% |          69      2.98%     64.12% |          69      2.98%     67.10% |          69      2.98%     70.07% |          71      3.06%     73.13% |          69      2.98%     76.11% |          69      2.98%     79.09% |          69      2.98%     82.06% |          69      2.98%     85.04% |          69      2.98%     88.01% |          71      3.06%     91.07% |          69      2.98%     94.05% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.27%     96.27% |           4      0.65%     96.92% |           3      0.49%     97.40% |           3      0.49%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           1      0.16%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           1      0.16%     98.21% |           4      0.65%     98.86% |           4      0.65%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         770     26.24%     26.24% |          75      2.56%     28.79% |          72      2.45%     31.24% |          67      2.28%     33.53% |          69      2.35%     35.88% |          69      2.35%     38.23% |          69      2.35%     40.58% |          69      2.35%     42.93% |          69      2.35%     45.28% |          69      2.35%     47.63% |          69      2.35%     49.98% |          66      2.25%     52.23% |          73      2.49%     54.72% |          69      2.35%     57.07% |          70      2.39%     59.45% |          69      2.35%     61.81% |          70      2.39%     64.19% |          73      2.49%     66.68% |          74      2.52%     69.20% |          72      2.45%     71.65% |          69      2.35%     74.00% |          69      2.35%     76.35% |          71      2.42%     78.77% |          69      2.35%     81.12% |          69      2.35%     83.48% |          69      2.35%     85.83% |          69      2.35%     88.18% |          69      2.35%     90.53% |          71      2.42%     92.95% |          69      2.35%     95.30% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2935                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       84723      4.66%      4.66% |      908366     50.00%     54.66% |      114248      6.29%     60.95% |      103753      5.71%     66.66% |      101889      5.61%     72.27% |      102962      5.67%     77.94% |      101216      5.57%     83.51% |      103874      5.72%     89.23% |       97517      5.37%     94.60% |       98184      5.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1816732                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       84723      4.66%      4.66% |      908366     50.00%     54.66% |      114248      6.29%     60.95% |      103753      5.71%     66.66% |      101889      5.61%     72.27% |      102962      5.67%     77.94% |      101216      5.57%     83.51% |      103874      5.72%     89.23% |       97517      5.37%     94.60% |       98184      5.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1816732                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       84723      4.66%      4.66% |      908366     50.00%     54.66% |      114248      6.29%     60.95% |      103753      5.71%     66.66% |      101889      5.61%     72.27% |      102962      5.67%     77.94% |      101216      5.57%     83.51% |      103874      5.72%     89.23% |       97517      5.37%     94.60% |       98184      5.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1816732                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       84723      4.66%      4.66% |      908366     50.00%     54.66% |      114248      6.29%     60.95% |      103753      5.71%     66.66% |      101889      5.61%     72.27% |      102962      5.67%     77.94% |      101216      5.57%     83.51% |      103874      5.72%     89.23% |       97517      5.37%     94.60% |       98184      5.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1816732                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
