
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153822                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153822205000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5329990283500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40478                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77073                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96428982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4031968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1595.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64570576                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122946559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25269632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25269632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21423360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21423360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164278181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164278181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139273520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139273520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303551701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303551701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394839                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334740                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394839                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334740                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25268608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21423232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21423360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   134711                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    16196                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153821941500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394839                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334740                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                140626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  52794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  22152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  37186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       215215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.949636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.771682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.733721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68279     31.73%     31.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54047     25.11%     56.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69923     32.49%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10246      4.76%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5804      2.70%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2871      1.33%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1509      0.70%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          994      0.46%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1542      0.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       215215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.904322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.975040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49941     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.701596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.087998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.537666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40273     80.63%     80.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1831      3.67%     84.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5100     10.21%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2745      5.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 65918243555                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            73321156055                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   166956.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              185706.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  295206                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 219126                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210836.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26567559000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122113783500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              817787880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              809124120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              446213625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              441486375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546373400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532973000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086449760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082496960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61116313995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60859141110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38679775500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38905365750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113739516960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113677190115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.443963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.038763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20685504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20685504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159335331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159335331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134476710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134476710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293812041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293812041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323211                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323211                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24508224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20685248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24509312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20685504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    95351                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    13224                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153821450500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323211                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                102145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  52163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  30464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       186826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.894212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.693306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.678879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40230     21.53%     21.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52922     28.33%     49.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69872     37.40%     87.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10433      5.58%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6120      3.28%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2754      1.47%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1512      0.81%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1051      0.56%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1932      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       186826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.908610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.630325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48413     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.675210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.079128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.476357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38591     79.70%     79.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2758      5.70%     85.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4334      8.95%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2736      5.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58589699325                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            65769843075                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   152999.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              171749.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  291642                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 227671                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217825.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27043624250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121637718250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              711539640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              700842240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              388240875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              382404000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500532800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486180800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049371200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044893520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60084381150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59606691795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584979750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40004005500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113365648215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113271620655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.013365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.402073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20687104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20687104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323236                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323236                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159335747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159335747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134487111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134487111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293822859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293822859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323236                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382959                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323236                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24508224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20686976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20687104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    90813                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    12740                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153821404500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382959                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323236                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 97530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  20124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  29619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       185926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.076493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.916892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.793343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39450     21.22%     21.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51757     27.84%     49.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70837     38.10%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10510      5.65%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6023      3.24%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2829      1.52%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1537      0.83%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          995      0.54%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1988      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       185926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.900169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.675782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48466     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.668468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.076051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.464460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38645     79.73%     79.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2856      5.89%     85.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4210      8.69%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2761      5.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 57933586226                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            65113729976                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   151285.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              170035.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291751                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 228488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217817.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27140346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121540996500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              708802920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              696737160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              386747625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              380164125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500805800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485931200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049358240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045049040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59661511830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59198215545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955917750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40362318000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113309746965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113215017870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.649940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.034087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20684864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20684864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159204687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159204687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134472549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134472549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293677236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293677236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323201                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323201                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20684672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20684864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    87019                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12694                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153821081500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323201                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 93972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  29171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       184890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.318070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.577959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.445835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38014     20.56%     20.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52277     28.27%     48.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70949     38.37%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10461      5.66%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5876      3.18%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2781      1.50%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1511      0.82%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1044      0.56%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1977      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       184890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.884035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.052582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48526     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.659482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.072409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.446990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38654     79.65%     79.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2983      6.15%     85.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4173      8.60%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2722      5.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 57477836463                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            64652223963                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   150216.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              168966.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  291516                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 229416                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217924.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26226674500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122454682500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              704864160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              692836200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              384598500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              378035625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499074200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485229200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049202720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044990720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59839523685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59291008695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39799776000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40280929500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113323642065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113219632740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.740203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.064017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547163                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 46.435173                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.473625                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                86.333971                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13072133     96.49%     96.49% |      341405      2.52%     99.01% |      113633      0.84%     99.85% |       19342      0.14%    100.00% |         649      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547163                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43676849                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.123003                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.650402                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.219951                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41559614     95.15%     95.15% |     1405559      3.22%     98.37% |       23270      0.05%     98.42% |       26651      0.06%     98.48% |       46824      0.11%     98.59% |      105592      0.24%     98.83% |      184406      0.42%     99.26% |      221514      0.51%     99.76% |      103419      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43676849                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43676848                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.337629                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.740964                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            182.455329                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43289364     99.11%     99.11% |      298510      0.68%     99.80% |       75431      0.17%     99.97% |       11706      0.03%    100.00% |        1568      0.00%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43676848                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41505444                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000150                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000128                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.012932                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41499515     99.99%     99.99% |        5721      0.01%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41505444                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171404                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        512.652529                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       254.094304                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       650.215929                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1783920     82.16%     82.16% |      298510     13.75%     95.90% |       75431      3.47%     99.38% |       11706      0.54%     99.92% |        1568      0.07%     99.99% |         239      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171404                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         160958                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       160958                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          869                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          606                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          538                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          500                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26912540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28224614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14587957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127055                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14715012                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       482199                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46082                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       189983                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130452                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78023                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          626                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        32327                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32168                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          614                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32530                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        32030                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          653                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94091                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        33445                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91543                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        32167                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        32069                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        32660                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59669                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20146                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64310                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63992                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64853                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18401                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47942                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72707                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61466                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10841                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62837                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21800371                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21800371                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22080207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21800371                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8920566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8908419                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21800371                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070862                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9928140                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4350654                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4339123                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9666215                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031420                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7236503                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7236503                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7532768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7236503                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2717287                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2706459                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7236503                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023522                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6097449                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6097449                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6374422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6097449                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2347127                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2338517                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6097449                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019820                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8419406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8419406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8757275                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8419406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3594630                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3574174                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8419406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027367                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8721379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8721379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9045781                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8721379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3636741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3627539                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8721379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028349                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9273110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9273110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9625428                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9273110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3348076                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3338530                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9273110                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030142                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6289062                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6289062                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6609963                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6289062                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2392310                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2384326                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6289062                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020443                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4199814                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4199814                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4356713                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4199814                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1653921                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1647466                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4199814                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013652                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5548206                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5548206                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5787961                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5548206                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2351940                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2341966                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5548206                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018034                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3880667                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3880667                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3978288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3880667                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1462657                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1460303                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3880667                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012614                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3442434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3442434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3469154                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3442434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1278008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1277574                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3442434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011190                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4805437                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967321                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1966675                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015495                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3645620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3645620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3675130                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3645620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1373138                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1372696                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3645620                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011850                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2101119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2101119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2126653                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2101119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768059                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       767647                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2101119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3207759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3207759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3261732                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3207759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166460                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165527                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3207759                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010427                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4329133                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4329133                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4380416                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4329133                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1520408                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1519441                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4329133                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014072                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3359601                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3359601                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3415859                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3359601                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205748                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204657                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3359601                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010920                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3432773                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3432773                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3514423                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3432773                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254220                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252717                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3432773                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011158                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959265                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959265                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1982637                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959265                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724262                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723817                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959265                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1797160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1797160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1802510                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1797160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720131                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1797160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2429990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2429990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438100                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2429990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034413                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1033978                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2429990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109952                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109952                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2117971                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109952                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845524                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845432                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109952                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006858                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311425                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311425                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311425                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311425                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499465                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499465                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311425                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1757418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1757418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1762333                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1757418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       674353                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       674298                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1757418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2407872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2407872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2415949                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2407872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1013948                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013540                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2407872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007827                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2068678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2068678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2076601                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2068678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819749                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819670                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2068678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006724                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506401                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506401                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004329                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7846609                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7846609                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8294409                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7846609                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2926691                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2920157                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7846608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025505                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7872727                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7872727                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8170517                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7872727                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2893328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2887267                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7872727                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025590                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7883417                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7883417                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8297662                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7883417                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2900307                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2893145                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7883417                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025625                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8220962                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8220962                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8589980                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8220962                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3033409                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3025914                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8220962                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026722                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12942310     29.55%     29.55% |    28799588     65.75%     95.30% |     2060309      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43802207                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12942310     29.55%     29.55% |    28799589     65.75%     95.30% |     2060309      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43802208                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   493347979                       |   692761484                       |    45963956                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   643516465                       |   117282437                       |     2060309                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.119005                       |   24.054562                       |   22.309254                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   49.721917                       |    4.072365                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.128113                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    17.415999                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         45.544112                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002240                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052748      7.65%      7.65% |    0.052720      7.64%     15.29% |    0.051257      7.43%     22.72% |    0.051179      7.42%     30.14% |    0.112183     16.26%     46.40% |    0.112129     16.25%     62.66% |    0.112085     16.25%     78.91% |    0.112033     16.24%     95.15% |    0.008368      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008371      1.21%     97.57% |    0.008371      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008369      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.689813                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017107                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027817                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001704                       |    0.001753                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004522                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002023                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002007                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002063                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002078                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002099                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002228                       |    0.007695                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007456                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000392                       |    0.000916                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000058                       |    0.000062                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002143                       |    0.001416                       |    0.001734                       |    0.002153                       |    0.000058                       |    0.002548                       |    0.005296                       |    0.001863                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006836                       |           0                       |    0.005295                       |    0.008390                       |    0.002707                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000065                       |    0.005667                       |    0.004419                       |    0.009445                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002126                       |    0.000069                       |    0.007902                       |    0.004952                       |    0.002986                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.008185                       |    0.005024                       |    0.003529                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004141                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002349                       |           0                       |    0.002216                       |           0                       |    0.002078                       |    0.001418                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001150                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002381                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000062                       |    0.002412                       |    0.004104                       |    0.005312                       |    0.002219                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002122                       |    0.000065                       |    0.004707                       |    0.008225                       |    0.007168                       |    0.003297                       |    0.027699                       |    0.003980                       |    0.000392                       |    0.003383                       |    0.013584                       |    0.017742                       |    0.004082                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000916                       |    0.003371                       |    0.006699                       |    0.014131                       |    0.004056                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000069                       |    0.006917                       |    0.005461                       |    0.007892                       |    0.004113                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002024                       |    0.004101                       |    0.004079                       |    0.003172                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002356                       |           0                       |    0.002259                       |           0                       |    0.000261                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.001977                       |    0.002340                       |    0.003993                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.001935                       |    0.005305                       |    0.007243                       |    0.002121                       |    0.001833                       |    0.002080                       |    0.000066                       |    0.014820                       |    0.005681                       |    0.003492                       |    0.002170                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000069                       |    0.002175                       |    0.007879                       |    0.004292                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |    0.008224                       |    0.004606                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001153                       |    0.004072                       |    0.002303                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000223                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.000878                       |           0                       |    0.003833                       |           0                       |    0.002121                       |           0                       |    0.002917                       |    0.000659                       |    0.004729                       |           0                       |    0.002170                       |           0                       |    0.007109                       |    0.002476                       |    0.002316                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000891                       |    0.005123                       |    0.002749                       |           0                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.004562                       |    0.004410                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004167                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002099                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.689813                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14473777                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14473777                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11822257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11167487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.461548                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          573599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14681495                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95045                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22454561                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188693                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14776540                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22643254                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37136056                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283738                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37419794                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14722194                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14732290                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14722194                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14732290                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300817755                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47172083                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76137013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14473777                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11741086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247613127                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373333                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       348174                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14721589                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341376                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296624948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265899191     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5810269      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1712979      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354592      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4956157      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5251626      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1189890      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614916      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9835328      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296624948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253100                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28189178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243848189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17708031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6118732                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760811                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141499607                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760811                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30912968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151358869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16934853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20802779                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75854661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138197868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2746941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150493938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311646279                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187240890                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132811466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682442                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41531753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7864241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23014574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1023881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       787770                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135374573                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       575190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139528683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294467                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048195                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141891                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296624948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239661946     80.80%     80.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22449694      7.57%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13692219      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8647804      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3419753      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3977808      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730220      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562265      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483239      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296624948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123983      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954524     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324152     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101220003     72.54%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14898396     10.68%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22789376     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139528683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402659                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010053                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577379384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148560000                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130363054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140426480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1517370                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341324                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10067                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075131                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8247166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760811                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5516912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142718489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135949763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7864241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23014574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       566097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100068                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10067                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369042                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776073                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138227982                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14670431                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37164080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12119162                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22493649                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459507                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130504250                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130363074                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78010166                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112215408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930165                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       433299                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294397969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245296172     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19183549      6.52%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10980466      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10787777      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2237137      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       502814      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390337      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523632      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2496085      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294397969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64570575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122946556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28462347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6522912                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11413276                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122372397                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       491534                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94152987     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6522912      5.31%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21939435     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122946556                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2496085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427570502                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273992976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4192807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64570575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122946556                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.658744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.658744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190707297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95154835                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60450533                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45332379                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61928363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2391524500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2391524500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248143                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        70.991626                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.967831                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      122.184914                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5773113     92.40%     92.40% |      341405      5.46%     97.86% |      113633      1.82%     99.68% |       19342      0.31%     99.99% |         649      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248143                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280221                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.422653                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.318811                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.811568                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1149430     15.79%     15.79% |     3995937     54.89%     70.68% |     2031696     27.91%     98.58% |       98140      1.35%     99.93% |        4330      0.06%     99.99% |         515      0.01%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280221                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18799                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.154742                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.838752                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.136618                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         666      3.54%      3.54% |        2246     11.95%     15.49% |        8602     45.76%     61.25% |        4392     23.36%     84.61% |        2856     15.19%     99.80% |          34      0.18%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18799                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6161268                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           49.360822                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.121361                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         269.605272                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6040714     98.04%     98.04% |       89459      1.45%     99.50% |       26204      0.43%     99.92% |        4217      0.07%     99.99% |         562      0.01%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6161268                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5713301                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000639                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025409                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5709660     99.94%     99.94% |        3634      0.06%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5713301                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447967                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     640.631341                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    236.061937                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    789.122706                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      327413     73.09%     73.09% |       89459     19.97%     93.06% |       26204      5.85%     98.91% |        4217      0.94%     99.85% |         562      0.13%     99.97% |          92      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447967                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22474182                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           38.907406                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.128455                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         209.850899                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22207349     98.81%     98.81% |      208982      0.93%     99.74% |       49204      0.22%     99.96% |        7484      0.03%     99.99% |        1006      0.00%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22474182                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20905939                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000118                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000099                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.012272                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20903753     99.99%     99.99% |        1985      0.01%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20905939                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568243                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     517.580399                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    291.159572                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    620.303027                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1301410     82.99%     82.99% |      208982     13.33%     96.31% |       49204      3.14%     99.45% |        7484      0.48%     99.93% |        1006      0.06%     99.99% |         147      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568243                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14715011                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.753104                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085434                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.920509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14714628    100.00%    100.00% |         289      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14715011                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14587957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14587955    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14587957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.222228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.536818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    79.183738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126671     99.70%     99.70% |         289      0.23%     99.93% |          46      0.04%     99.96% |          22      0.02%     99.98% |          16      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127054                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.083336                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019504                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.505670                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323516     99.52%     99.52% |        1444      0.44%     99.96% |         104      0.03%     99.99% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296969                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296869     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296969                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28112                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.034149                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.281284                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.068887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26547     94.43%     94.43% |        1444      5.14%     99.57% |         104      0.37%     99.94% |          14      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13459                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1713188                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       107154                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    45413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    37491                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    45450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    37473                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    45351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    37450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    45503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    37680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    45317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    39579                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   45436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   37464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   45014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   34980                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   45198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   37368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   5307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   4013                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   4031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   5369                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   4054                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   3824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   5403                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   4517                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  4040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  5706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  3932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  4136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    29888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    24975                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    29535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    24689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    29953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    25084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    29614                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    24567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    29952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    26846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   29650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   24697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   30550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   24025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   30300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   25289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1081294                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  896640                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1019042                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  841788                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1088119                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  893082                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1025837                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  840923                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1067696                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  912792                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1034124                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 843996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                1176475                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 919913                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1129143                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295904315                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                12827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 9469                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                12771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 9400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                12718                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 9423                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 9496                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                12768                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 9940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               12772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                9451                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12643                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                8856                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                9451                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1906                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1105                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1032                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1244                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1852                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1981                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1016                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1866                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               32586                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               28022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               32679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               28073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               32633                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               28027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               32681                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               28184                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               32549                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               29639                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              32664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              28013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              32371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              26124                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32440                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              27917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              3510                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              2954                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              3417                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2903                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              3463                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              2949                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              3415                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              2792                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              3547                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              3273                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             3432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             2963                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             3725                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             2916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             3656                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             3059                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2493641                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2113612                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2478552                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2077588                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2473781                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2046441                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2472366                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2087867                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2459168                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2118748                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2477709                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2094797                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2549611                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2023228                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2518540                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2110717                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1496032                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1148992                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1465580                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1183261                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1473471                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1086464                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1518795                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1152210                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1540067                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1144495                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1454726                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1114116                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1485857                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1055587                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1615644                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1218406                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             597524                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             522536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             596857                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             521081                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             598125                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             521083                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             596010                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             521140                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             597120                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             554584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            597388                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            522414                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            597767                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            488180                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            596878                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            523929                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3014472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2647613                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2884480                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2600335                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2885970                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2759406                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2878065                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2720339                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2904962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2821050                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2925152                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2701386                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3014447                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2574835                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2852123                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2691854                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1496032                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1148992                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1465580                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1183261                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1473471                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1086464                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1518795                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1152210                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1540067                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1144495                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1454726                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1114116                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1485857                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1055587                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1615644                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1218406                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        593528                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        515453                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594390                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        515307                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594227                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        515620                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        594096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        515379                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        593844                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        547228                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594007                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       515951                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594396                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       484611                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594043                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       514960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1880972                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1629390                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1859341                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1595138                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1860134                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1612364                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1869174                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1616583                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1860150                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1647334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1871858                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1604969                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1926887                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1550418                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1882255                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1630139                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2476008                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2094327                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2440159                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2052313                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2440073                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2040073                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2438889                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2066207                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2435923                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2090333                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2449739                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2069323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2507770                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           1986615                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2480510                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2088500                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305516546                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305516542                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305516548                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305516544                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305516553                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305516549                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305516565                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305516561                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2464026                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2103521                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2462399                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2061888                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2449413                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2022614                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2458809                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2070122                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2447361                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2110303                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2464845                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2082941                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2536523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2014137                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2503289                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2100608                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              7054                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7454                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              7092                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              7334                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6713                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              7052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6530                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             7340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             6627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             6570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             5351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             6704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6032                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2870                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2811                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2857                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2700                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          364265                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          236496                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          316144                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          212492                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          332606                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          247627                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          322300                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          209604                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          336758                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          247736                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         334867                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         226852                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         376399                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         270594                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         366849                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         252866                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394812     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328909     25.68%     25.68% |      317373     24.77%     50.45% |      317395     24.78%     75.23% |      317358     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281035                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394838     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.40% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543399                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334740     25.66%     25.66% |      323211     24.78%     50.44% |      323236     24.78%     75.22% |      323201     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304388                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57711     25.14%     25.14% |       57393     25.00%     50.14% |       57372     24.99%     75.13% |       57094     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394812     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328653     25.67%     25.67% |      317179     24.78%     50.45% |      317204     24.78%     75.23% |      317169     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57711     25.14%     25.14% |       57393     25.00%     50.14% |       57372     24.99%     75.13% |       57094     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394811     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543372                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328653     25.67%     25.67% |      317179     24.78%     50.45% |      317204     24.78%     75.23% |      317169     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5962364     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       25088      0.41%     97.15% |       25088      0.41%     97.56% |       25088      0.41%     97.96% |       25088      0.41%     98.37% |       25744      0.42%     98.79% |       25088      0.41%     99.20% |       24432      0.40%     99.59% |       25088      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6163082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14715060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14715060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22264433     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       67063      0.29%     97.94% |       67063      0.29%     98.24% |       67065      0.29%     98.53% |       67063      0.29%     98.82% |       69002      0.30%     99.13% |       67065      0.29%     99.42% |       65130      0.29%     99.71% |       67067      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22800951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18647     99.36%     99.36% |          14      0.07%     99.44% |           1      0.01%     99.44% |          11      0.06%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           2      0.01%     99.51% |           6      0.03%     99.54% |           3      0.02%     99.56% |          73      0.39%     99.95% |          10      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433950     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       91018      4.21%     70.53% |       91045      4.21%     74.74% |       91036      4.21%     78.95% |       91018      4.21%     83.16% |       93601      4.33%     87.49% |       91037      4.21%     91.70% |       88479      4.09%     95.79% |       91026      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           2     12.50%     25.00% |           4     25.00%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           2     12.50%     75.00% |           4     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           3     18.75%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           2     12.50%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     18.75%     68.75% |           5     31.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247355     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24723      5.55%     61.13% |       24714      5.55%     66.68% |       24717      5.55%     72.23% |       24716      5.55%     77.79% |       25356      5.70%     83.48% |       24720      5.55%     89.04% |       24081      5.41%     94.45% |       24717      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           7     43.75%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           3     18.75%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191757     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       66801      3.87%     72.91% |       66819      3.87%     76.78% |       66821      3.87%     80.65% |       66804      3.87%     84.52% |       68732      3.98%     88.50% |       66823      3.87%     92.37% |       64897      3.76%     96.13% |       66807      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307120     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       91011      4.47%     68.70% |       91016      4.47%     73.17% |       91025      4.47%     77.64% |       91004      4.47%     82.11% |       93569      4.60%     86.71% |       91026      4.47%     91.18% |       88456      4.35%     95.53% |       91001      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249981     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24723      5.52%     61.35% |       24721      5.52%     66.87% |       24717      5.52%     72.39% |       24716      5.52%     77.91% |       25361      5.66%     83.58% |       24722      5.52%     89.10% |       24086      5.38%     94.48% |       24720      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122547    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061824     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66801      4.18%     70.70% |       66819      4.19%     74.89% |       66821      4.19%     79.07% |       66804      4.18%     83.26% |       68730      4.31%     87.56% |       66821      4.19%     91.75% |       64893      4.07%     95.81% |       66807      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |          10      0.09%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           2      0.02%     99.79% |           6      0.05%     99.84% |           2      0.02%     99.86% |           8      0.07%     99.93% |           8      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         206    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4508    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          47    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1836     98.82%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           1      0.05%     98.87% |           2      0.11%     98.98% |           1      0.05%     99.03% |           2      0.11%     99.14% |           4      0.22%     99.35% |           3      0.16%     99.52% |           3      0.16%     99.68% |           6      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14587957    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14587957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5447     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          10      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2579172     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         365      0.01%     99.90% |         367      0.01%     99.91% |         371      0.01%     99.93% |         372      0.01%     99.94% |         383      0.01%     99.96% |         366      0.01%     99.97% |         346      0.01%     99.99% |         368      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2582110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1861     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186419     48.53%     48.53% |           0      0.00%     48.53% |       24723      6.44%     54.97% |       24711      6.43%     61.40% |       24717      6.43%     67.84% |       24714      6.43%     74.27% |       25337      6.60%     80.87% |       24720      6.44%     87.30% |       24066      6.27%     93.57% |       24712      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     21.43%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           2     14.29%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           3     21.43%     64.29% |           5     35.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2978873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2978873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21143177     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         261      0.00%     99.99% |         242      0.00%     99.99% |         243      0.00%     99.99% |         257      0.00%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |         243      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |         257      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21145186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         175     71.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      0.41%     71.84% |           1      0.41%     72.24% |           0      0.00%     72.24% |           0      0.00%     72.24% |           0      0.00%     72.24% |           1      0.41%     72.65% |          65     26.53%     99.18% |           2      0.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120701     67.88%     67.88% |           0      0.00%     67.88% |       66288      4.01%     71.89% |       66305      4.02%     75.91% |       66308      4.02%     79.92% |       66290      4.01%     83.94% |       68232      4.13%     88.07% |       66306      4.02%     92.09% |       64390      3.90%     95.99% |       66289      4.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           2     12.50%     25.00% |           4     25.00%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           2     12.50%     75.00% |           4     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     97.90%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           6      0.97%     98.87% |           0      0.00%     98.87% |           7      1.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247355     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24723      5.55%     61.13% |       24714      5.55%     66.68% |       24717      5.55%     72.23% |       24716      5.55%     77.79% |       25356      5.70%     83.48% |       24720      5.55%     89.04% |       24081      5.41%     94.45% |       24717      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           7     43.75%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           3     18.75%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129886     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     13.83%     13.83% |           0      0.00%     13.83% |           6      6.38%     20.21% |          17     18.09%     38.30% |          10     10.64%     48.94% |          10     10.64%     59.57% |          16     17.02%     76.60% |           6      6.38%     82.98% |           5      5.32%     88.30% |          11     11.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061871     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66801      4.18%     70.70% |       66819      4.19%     74.89% |       66821      4.19%     79.07% |       66804      4.18%     83.26% |       68730      4.31%     87.56% |       66821      4.19%     91.75% |       64893      4.07%     95.82% |       66807      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     96.60%     96.60% |           0      0.00%     96.60% |           1      0.26%     96.86% |           2      0.52%     97.38% |           1      0.26%     97.64% |           2      0.52%     98.17% |           2      0.52%     98.69% |           1      0.26%     98.95% |           1      0.26%     99.21% |           3      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307120     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       91011      4.47%     68.70% |       91016      4.47%     73.17% |       91025      4.47%     77.64% |       91004      4.47%     82.11% |       93569      4.60%     86.71% |       91026      4.47%     91.18% |       88456      4.35%     95.53% |       91001      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.47% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3396      2.67%     23.37% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3961      3.12%     46.24% |        3832      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3433      2.70%     61.66% |        3176      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.66% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.05% |        4096      3.22%     88.28% |        5243      4.13%     92.40% |        5172      4.07%     96.47% |        4487      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108428     24.20%     24.20% |       13865      3.10%     27.30% |       11534      2.57%     29.87% |       12320      2.75%     32.62% |       11480      2.56%     35.19% |       10961      2.45%     37.63% |        9719      2.17%     39.80% |        9717      2.17%     41.97% |       11690      2.61%     44.58% |       10325      2.30%     46.89% |       13059      2.92%     49.80% |       12101      2.70%     52.50% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9916      2.21%     56.98% |        9379      2.09%     59.07% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10945      2.44%     63.68% |       10107      2.26%     65.94% |       10359      2.31%     68.25% |       10697      2.39%     70.64% |       10621      2.37%     73.01% |       11063      2.47%     75.48% |       12403      2.77%     78.25% |        9958      2.22%     80.47% |       10145      2.26%     82.74% |       10756      2.40%     85.14% |        9977      2.23%     87.37% |        9721      2.17%     89.54% |       11138      2.49%     92.02% |       10192      2.28%     94.30% |       11930      2.66%     96.96% |       13619      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66545      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.29% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46344      2.90%     16.08% |       46458      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47483      2.97%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48240      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.45% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.70% |       50288      3.15%     63.85% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50955      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172988      8.50%      8.50% |       64058      3.15%     11.65% |       58561      2.88%     14.52% |       58274      2.86%     17.39% |       57590      2.83%     20.22% |       56287      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55105      2.71%     28.38% |       58953      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60439      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58997      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59708      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60902      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69841      3.43%     96.66% |       68024      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035230                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51106      3.99%      3.99% |       39625      3.10%      7.09% |       39648      3.10%     10.19% |       39640      3.10%     13.28% |       39616      3.09%     16.38% |       39626      3.10%     19.47% |       39630      3.10%     22.57% |       39636      3.10%     25.67% |       39643      3.10%     28.76% |       39645      3.10%     31.86% |       39646      3.10%     34.96% |       39655      3.10%     38.05% |       39627      3.10%     41.15% |       39638      3.10%     44.25% |       39640      3.10%     47.34% |       39626      3.10%     50.44% |       39667      3.10%     53.54% |       39652      3.10%     56.64% |       39657      3.10%     59.73% |       39653      3.10%     62.83% |       39635      3.10%     65.93% |       39663      3.10%     69.03% |       39656      3.10%     72.13% |       39650      3.10%     75.22% |       39656      3.10%     78.32% |       39654      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39640      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39632      3.10%     93.81% |       39642      3.10%     96.90% |       39636      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280039                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7413      3.23%      3.23% |        7206      3.14%      6.36% |        7193      3.13%      9.49% |        7155      3.11%     12.61% |        7201      3.13%     15.74% |        7139      3.11%     18.85% |        7162      3.12%     21.97% |        7171      3.12%     25.09% |        7237      3.15%     28.24% |        7171      3.12%     31.36% |        7233      3.15%     34.51% |        7210      3.14%     37.65% |        7276      3.17%     40.82% |        7207      3.14%     43.95% |        7228      3.15%     47.10% |        7140      3.11%     50.21% |        7167      3.12%     53.33% |        7194      3.13%     56.46% |        7211      3.14%     59.60% |        7137      3.11%     62.70% |        7144      3.11%     65.81% |        7129      3.10%     68.92% |        7106      3.09%     72.01% |        7097      3.09%     75.10% |        7193      3.13%     78.23% |        7239      3.15%     81.38% |        7165      3.12%     84.50% |        7088      3.09%     87.58% |        7135      3.11%     90.69% |        7152      3.11%     93.80% |        7108      3.09%     96.90% |        7129      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229736                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59635      3.86%      3.86% |       47881      3.10%      6.97% |       47889      3.10%     10.07% |       47843      3.10%     13.17% |       47863      3.10%     16.27% |       47812      3.10%     19.37% |       47840      3.10%     22.47% |       47855      3.10%     25.57% |       47928      3.11%     28.67% |       47864      3.10%     31.78% |       47926      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.98% |       47951      3.11%     41.09% |       47892      3.10%     44.19% |       47915      3.10%     47.30% |       47813      3.10%     50.40% |       47881      3.10%     53.50% |       47894      3.10%     56.60% |       47915      3.10%     59.71% |       47838      3.10%     62.81% |       47827      3.10%     65.91% |       47841      3.10%     69.01% |       47810      3.10%     72.10% |       47794      3.10%     75.20% |       47896      3.10%     78.30% |       47942      3.11%     81.41% |       47865      3.10%     84.51% |       47775      3.10%     87.61% |       47830      3.10%     90.71% |       47832      3.10%     93.80% |       47799      3.10%     96.90% |       47814      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58611      3.88%      3.88% |       46857      3.10%      6.98% |       46865      3.10%     10.08% |       46819      3.10%     13.18% |       46839      3.10%     16.28% |       46788      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46831      3.10%     25.58% |       46904      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46902      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46789      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46870      3.10%     56.61% |       46891      3.10%     59.71% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46803      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46770      3.10%     75.20% |       46872      3.10%     78.31% |       46918      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46806      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46775      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510604                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          63     25.51%     25.51% |           2      0.81%     26.32% |           8      3.24%     29.55% |           6      2.43%     31.98% |          24      9.72%     41.70% |          25     10.12%     51.82% |           4      1.62%     53.44% |           6      2.43%     55.87% |           6      2.43%     58.30% |           3      1.21%     59.51% |           5      2.02%     61.54% |           5      2.02%     63.56% |           4      1.62%     65.18% |           2      0.81%     65.99% |           2      0.81%     66.80% |           2      0.81%     67.61% |           3      1.21%     68.83% |           3      1.21%     70.04% |           8      3.24%     73.28% |           5      2.02%     75.30% |           3      1.21%     76.52% |           5      2.02%     78.54% |           5      2.02%     80.57% |           5      2.02%     82.59% |           5      2.02%     84.62% |           5      2.02%     86.64% |           5      2.02%     88.66% |           6      2.43%     91.09% |           6      2.43%     93.52% |           6      2.43%     95.95% |           7      2.83%     98.79% |           3      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         636      3.44%      3.44% |         548      2.96%      6.40% |         527      2.85%      9.25% |         521      2.82%     12.06% |         565      3.05%     15.12% |         527      2.85%     17.97% |         565      3.05%     21.02% |         585      3.16%     24.18% |         624      3.37%     27.55% |         545      2.95%     30.50% |         610      3.30%     33.80% |         623      3.37%     37.16% |         676      3.65%     40.82% |         619      3.35%     44.16% |         637      3.44%     47.61% |         578      3.12%     50.73% |         586      3.17%     53.90% |         624      3.37%     57.27% |         615      3.32%     60.59% |         558      3.02%     63.61% |         559      3.02%     66.63% |         570      3.08%     69.71% |         536      2.90%     72.61% |         526      2.84%     75.45% |         603      3.26%     78.71% |         645      3.49%     82.20% |         588      3.18%     85.37% |         530      2.86%     88.24% |         542      2.93%     91.17% |         562      3.04%     94.21% |         543      2.93%     97.14% |         529      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          14     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173289      8.49%      8.49% |       64265      3.15%     11.64% |       58762      2.88%     14.51% |       58467      2.86%     17.38% |       57798      2.83%     20.21% |       56500      2.77%     22.98% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55300      2.71%     28.38% |       59165      2.90%     31.28% |       57721      2.83%     34.11% |       60648      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56450      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59183      2.90%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.91% |       59894      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.83% |       60909      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64325      3.15%     72.05% |       60550      2.97%     75.02% |       61090      2.99%     78.01% |       62471      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61418      3.01%     87.06% |       64095      3.14%     90.20% |       61917      3.03%     93.23% |       70031      3.43%     96.66% |       68218      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.80%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.60% |         528      3.18%     23.78% |         547      3.29%     27.07% |         487      2.93%     30.00% |         533      3.21%     33.21% |         566      3.41%     36.61% |         618      3.72%     40.33% |         561      3.38%     43.71% |         580      3.49%     47.20% |         524      3.15%     50.35% |         532      3.20%     53.55% |         569      3.42%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.36% |         510      3.07%     63.43% |         505      3.04%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.48% |         468      2.82%     75.30% |         546      3.29%     78.58% |         592      3.56%     82.15% |         532      3.20%     85.35% |         479      2.88%     88.23% |         489      2.94%     91.17% |         510      3.07%     94.24% |         491      2.95%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18681      7.93%      7.93% |        7081      3.00%     10.93% |        7084      3.01%     13.94% |        7031      2.98%     16.92% |        7000      2.97%     19.89% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.62% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6974      2.96%     58.50% |        7004      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6982      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7005      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7017      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40412      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40352      3.13%     15.63% |       40361      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         560      3.37%      3.37% |         469      2.82%      6.19% |         464      2.79%      8.99% |         465      2.80%     11.78% |         510      3.07%     14.85% |         467      2.81%     17.66% |         506      3.05%     20.71% |         528      3.18%     23.89% |         546      3.29%     27.17% |         484      2.91%     30.09% |         534      3.21%     33.30% |         566      3.41%     36.71% |         618      3.72%     40.43% |         561      3.38%     43.80% |         578      3.48%     47.28% |         522      3.14%     50.42% |         530      3.19%     53.61% |         568      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         506      3.05%     63.47% |         503      3.03%     66.49% |         519      3.12%     69.62% |         482      2.90%     72.52% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         533      3.21%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.27% |         486      2.93%     91.19% |         508      3.06%     94.25% |         488      2.94%     97.19% |         467      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88066     42.05%     42.05% |        6763      3.23%     45.28% |        4444      2.12%     47.41% |        5264      2.51%     49.92% |        4468      2.13%     52.05% |        3062      1.46%     53.52% |        2708      1.29%     54.81% |        2718      1.30%     56.11% |        4650      2.22%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5978      2.85%     62.75% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3147      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.39%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2747      1.31%     70.53% |        3946      1.88%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.91% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.26% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.94% |        5402      2.58%     83.52% |        2970      1.42%     84.94% |        3132      1.50%     86.44% |        3746      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2756      1.32%     90.97% |        4131      1.97%     92.94% |        3206      1.53%     94.48% |        4969      2.37%     96.85% |        6600      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26114      8.55%      8.55% |       10086      3.30%     11.86% |        6891      2.26%     14.12% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.98% |        6092      2.00%     19.98% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7134      2.34%     25.66% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.13% |        6749      2.21%     39.34% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7888      2.58%     44.16% |        8063      2.64%     46.80% |        9229      3.02%     49.82% |        9835      3.22%     53.04% |        9948      3.26%     56.30% |       11697      3.83%     60.13% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10607      3.47%     70.77% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.13%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51103      3.99%      3.99% |       39619      3.10%      7.09% |       39642      3.10%     10.18% |       39635      3.10%     13.28% |       39615      3.10%     16.38% |       39621      3.10%     19.47% |       39628      3.10%     22.57% |       39632      3.10%     25.66% |       39641      3.10%     28.76% |       39643      3.10%     31.86% |       39642      3.10%     34.96% |       39654      3.10%     38.05% |       39626      3.10%     41.15% |       39637      3.10%     44.25% |       39638      3.10%     47.34% |       39625      3.10%     50.44% |       39666      3.10%     53.54% |       39651      3.10%     56.64% |       39654      3.10%     59.73% |       39653      3.10%     62.83% |       39635      3.10%     65.93% |       39661      3.10%     69.03% |       39654      3.10%     72.13% |       39648      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39653      3.10%     81.42% |       39648      3.10%     84.52% |       39638      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39630      3.10%     93.81% |       39640      3.10%     96.90% |       39634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279965                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6771      3.21%      3.21% |        6662      3.16%      6.36% |        6664      3.16%      9.52% |        6633      3.14%     12.66% |        6613      3.13%     15.79% |        6593      3.12%     18.92% |        6595      3.12%     22.04% |        6584      3.12%     25.16% |        6609      3.13%     28.29% |        6625      3.14%     31.43% |        6622      3.14%     34.56% |        6583      3.12%     37.68% |        6597      3.12%     40.81% |        6587      3.12%     43.93% |        6591      3.12%     47.05% |        6561      3.11%     50.16% |        6579      3.12%     53.27% |        6568      3.11%     56.38% |        6591      3.12%     59.51% |        6574      3.11%     62.62% |        6582      3.12%     65.74% |        6556      3.11%     68.84% |        6567      3.11%     71.95% |        6568      3.11%     75.07% |        6587      3.12%     78.19% |        6590      3.12%     81.31% |        6575      3.11%     84.42% |        6554      3.10%     87.53% |        6591      3.12%     90.65% |        6586      3.12%     93.77% |        6560      3.11%     96.87% |        6599      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          14     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172986      8.50%      8.50% |       64058      3.15%     11.65% |       58561      2.88%     14.52% |       58274      2.86%     17.39% |       57590      2.83%     20.22% |       56287      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55105      2.71%     28.38% |       58953      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60439      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58997      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59708      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60902      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69841      3.43%     96.66% |       68024      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      5.00%      5.00% |           2      3.33%      8.33% |           5      8.33%     16.67% |           4      6.67%     23.33% |           1      1.67%     25.00% |           3      5.00%     30.00% |           2      3.33%     33.33% |           4      6.67%     40.00% |           2      3.33%     43.33% |           1      1.67%     45.00% |           3      5.00%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           1      1.67%     53.33% |           1      1.67%     55.00% |           1      1.67%     56.67% |           1      1.67%     58.33% |           1      1.67%     60.00% |           1      1.67%     61.67% |           2      3.33%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2      3.33%     68.33% |           2      3.33%     71.67% |           2      3.33%     75.00% |           1      1.67%     76.67% |           1      1.67%     78.33% |           3      5.00%     83.33% |           2      3.33%     86.67% |           2      3.33%     90.00% |           2      3.33%     93.33% |           2      3.33%     96.67% |           2      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          82      4.09%      4.09% |          75      3.74%      7.83% |          65      3.24%     11.08% |          57      2.84%     13.92% |          78      3.89%     17.81% |          79      3.94%     21.76% |          61      3.04%     24.80% |          59      2.94%     27.74% |          82      4.09%     31.84% |          62      3.09%     34.93% |          77      3.84%     38.77% |          61      3.04%     41.82% |          61      3.04%     44.86% |          59      2.94%     47.80% |          59      2.94%     50.75% |          57      2.84%     53.59% |          58      2.89%     56.49% |          58      2.89%     59.38% |          57      2.84%     62.23% |          57      2.84%     65.07% |          59      2.94%     68.01% |          54      2.69%     70.71% |          57      2.84%     73.55% |          60      2.99%     76.55% |          59      2.94%     79.49% |          58      2.89%     82.39% |          57      2.84%     85.23% |          57      2.84%     88.07% |          58      2.89%     90.97% |          58      2.89%     93.86% |          60      2.99%     96.86% |          63      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2004                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     17.07%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |          10     24.39%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |          11     26.83%     68.29% |           9     21.95%     90.24% |           4      9.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           4     40.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           3     30.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     92.31%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58611      3.88%      3.88% |       46857      3.10%      6.98% |       46865      3.10%     10.08% |       46819      3.10%     13.18% |       46839      3.10%     16.28% |       46788      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46831      3.10%     25.58% |       46904      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46902      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46891      3.10%     47.31% |       46789      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46870      3.10%     56.61% |       46891      3.10%     59.71% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46803      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46770      3.10%     75.20% |       46872      3.10%     78.31% |       46918      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46806      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46775      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510604                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     68.35%     68.35% |           0      0.00%     68.35% |           2      2.53%     70.89% |           1      1.27%     72.15% |           1      1.27%     73.42% |           1      1.27%     74.68% |           1      1.27%     75.95% |           1      1.27%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           1      1.27%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           1      1.27%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           2      2.53%     82.28% |           1      1.27%     83.54% |           1      1.27%     84.81% |           1      1.27%     86.08% |           1      1.27%     87.34% |           2      2.53%     89.87% |           2      2.53%     92.41% |           2      2.53%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           9      5.42%      5.42% |           2      1.20%      6.63% |           6      3.61%     10.24% |           5      3.01%     13.25% |          23     13.86%     27.11% |          23     13.86%     40.96% |           3      1.81%     42.77% |           5      3.01%     45.78% |           6      3.61%     49.40% |           3      1.81%     51.20% |           4      2.41%     53.61% |           5      3.01%     56.63% |           4      2.41%     59.04% |           2      1.20%     60.24% |           2      1.20%     61.45% |           2      1.20%     62.65% |           3      1.81%     64.46% |           3      1.81%     66.27% |           7      4.22%     70.48% |           5      3.01%     73.49% |           3      1.81%     75.30% |           3      1.81%     77.11% |           4      2.41%     79.52% |           4      2.41%     81.93% |           4      2.41%     84.34% |           4      2.41%     86.75% |           3      1.81%     88.55% |           4      2.41%     90.96% |           3      1.81%     92.77% |           4      2.41%     95.18% |           5      3.01%     98.19% |           3      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.97%      3.97% |          73      3.97%      7.94% |          59      3.21%     11.15% |          52      2.83%     13.98% |          55      2.99%     16.97% |          56      3.05%     20.02% |          58      3.16%     23.18% |          54      2.94%     26.12% |          76      4.13%     30.25% |          59      3.21%     33.46% |          73      3.97%     37.43% |          56      3.05%     40.48% |          57      3.10%     43.58% |          57      3.10%     46.68% |          57      3.10%     49.78% |          55      2.99%     52.77% |          55      2.99%     55.77% |          55      2.99%     58.76% |          50      2.72%     61.48% |          52      2.83%     64.31% |          56      3.05%     67.36% |          51      2.77%     70.13% |          53      2.88%     73.01% |          56      3.05%     76.06% |          55      2.99%     79.05% |          54      2.94%     81.99% |          54      2.94%     84.93% |          53      2.88%     87.81% |          55      2.99%     90.81% |          54      2.94%     93.74% |          55      2.99%     96.74% |          60      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1838                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         560      3.37%      3.37% |         469      2.82%      6.19% |         464      2.79%      8.99% |         465      2.80%     11.78% |         510      3.07%     14.85% |         467      2.81%     17.66% |         506      3.05%     20.71% |         528      3.18%     23.89% |         546      3.29%     27.17% |         484      2.91%     30.09% |         534      3.21%     33.30% |         566      3.41%     36.71% |         618      3.72%     40.43% |         561      3.38%     43.80% |         578      3.48%     47.28% |         522      3.14%     50.42% |         530      3.19%     53.61% |         568      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         506      3.05%     63.47% |         503      3.03%     66.49% |         519      3.12%     69.62% |         482      2.90%     72.52% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         533      3.21%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.27% |         486      2.93%     91.19% |         508      3.06%     94.25% |         488      2.94%     97.19% |         467      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18677      7.92%      7.92% |        7081      3.00%     10.93% |        7084      3.01%     13.93% |        7031      2.98%     16.92% |        7000      2.97%     19.89% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.78% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6974      2.96%     58.49% |        7004      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6982      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7005      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7017      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         546      3.28%      3.28% |         471      2.83%      6.12% |         464      2.79%      8.91% |         465      2.80%     11.71% |         511      3.07%     14.78% |         466      2.80%     17.59% |         504      3.03%     20.62% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.34% |         561      3.38%     43.72% |         580      3.49%     47.21% |         524      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.42%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         510      3.07%     63.43% |         505      3.04%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.30% |         546      3.28%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.15% |         532      3.20%     85.35% |         479      2.88%     88.23% |         489      2.94%     91.17% |         510      3.07%     94.24% |         491      2.95%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40412      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40352      3.13%     15.63% |       40361      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173285      8.49%      8.49% |       64259      3.15%     11.64% |       58760      2.88%     14.51% |       58461      2.86%     17.38% |       57797      2.83%     20.21% |       56500      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55300      2.71%     28.38% |       59165      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.11% |       60647      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56447      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59183      2.90%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.91% |       59885      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64325      3.15%     72.05% |       60550      2.97%     75.02% |       61089      2.99%     78.01% |       62469      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61417      3.01%     87.06% |       64095      3.14%     90.20% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70030      3.43%     96.66% |       68218      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          14     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           16                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      120615     21.40%     21.40% |      281829     50.00%     71.40% |       20147      3.57%     74.97% |       21228      3.77%     78.74% |       19996      3.55%     82.29% |       21285      3.78%     86.06% |       20432      3.62%     89.69% |       21109      3.75%     93.43% |       17816      3.16%     96.59% |       19201      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       563658                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      120615     21.40%     21.40% |      281829     50.00%     71.40% |       20147      3.57%     74.97% |       21228      3.77%     78.74% |       19996      3.55%     82.29% |       21285      3.78%     86.06% |       20432      3.62%     89.69% |       21109      3.75%     93.43% |       17816      3.16%     96.59% |       19201      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       563658                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      120615     21.40%     21.40% |      281829     50.00%     71.40% |       20147      3.57%     74.97% |       21228      3.77%     78.74% |       19996      3.55%     82.29% |       21285      3.78%     86.06% |       20432      3.62%     89.69% |       21109      3.75%     93.43% |       17816      3.16%     96.59% |       19201      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       563658                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      120615     21.40%     21.40% |      281829     50.00%     71.40% |       20147      3.57%     74.97% |       21228      3.77%     78.74% |       19996      3.55%     82.29% |       21285      3.78%     86.06% |       20432      3.62%     89.69% |       21109      3.75%     93.43% |       17816      3.16%     96.59% |       19201      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       563658                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
