
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056731                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56730748000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232898826500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  14154                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25102                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35489473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3558116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1598.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22625537                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40125880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12633984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12633984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8047552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8047552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222700818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222700818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141855207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141855207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364556025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364556025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197407                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125743                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197407                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125743                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12632384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8047360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12634048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8047552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    70826                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     7072                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56730495500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197407                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125743                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 74072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  18293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  19435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  19932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  14514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        82664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.166263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.888224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.234689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25091     30.35%     30.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20913     25.30%     55.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21631     26.17%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5158      6.24%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3636      4.40%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1877      2.27%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1198      1.45%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          806      0.98%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2354      2.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        82664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.227999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.169147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17570     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.152853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.488327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.605080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12600     71.68%     71.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2098     11.93%     83.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1739      9.89%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1142      6.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 32455881760                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            36156775510                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   164431.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              183181.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155457                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85000                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175554.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11627443250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43209088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              315713160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              309226680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              172264125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              168724875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767925600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771646200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407099520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407695680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22310897535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21789588645                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14467563750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14924852250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42146831850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42077102490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.925788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.696662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12406464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12406464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7830080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7830080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218690295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218690295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    138021801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           138021801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356712096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356712096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193851                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122345                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193851                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122345                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12404864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7830080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12406464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7830080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    60796                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6821                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56729962000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193851                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122345                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 64441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  18563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  18949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  13869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        75379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.442723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.222378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.323201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18657     24.75%     24.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19898     26.40%     51.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21700     28.79%     79.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5140      6.82%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3693      4.90%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1841      2.44%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1233      1.64%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          821      1.09%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2396      3.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        75379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.358101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.564070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17058     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.169352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.499690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.618098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12140     71.14%     71.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2112     12.38%     83.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1703      9.98%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1110      6.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30742934964                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34377172464                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   158611.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              177361.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      138.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   138.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  154313                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86479                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179413.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11893123000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42943466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              289880640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              279984600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              158169000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              152769375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754798200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             757044600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396446400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396349200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22084184880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21530283390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14666469000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15152347500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42055316280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          41974146825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.311884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.881104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12406272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12406272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7830016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7830016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122344                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122344                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218686910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218686910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    138020673                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           138020673                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356707583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356707583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193849                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122344                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193849                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122344                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12405056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7829952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12406336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7830016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    64974                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6686                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56730675500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193849                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122344                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 68582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  18464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  13894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        74999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.803704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.496013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.227859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18397     24.53%     24.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19484     25.98%     50.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21881     29.18%     79.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5289      7.05%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3663      4.88%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1911      2.55%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1164      1.55%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          779      1.04%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2431      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        74999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.372880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.605982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17036     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.178490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.505661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.624518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12108     71.04%     71.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2086     12.24%     83.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1728     10.14%     93.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1121      6.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 31349139892                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34983433642                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   161735.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              180485.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      138.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   138.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  154507                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86666                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179417.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875753250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42960821750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              286130880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              280861560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              156123000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              153247875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755086800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756779400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396323280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396459360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21837053970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21337195320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14883242250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321714750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42019328340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          41951626425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.677701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.484315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12385280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12385280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7827968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7827968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    218316882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            218316882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137984572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137984572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    356301454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           356301454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193520                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122312                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122312                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12384320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7827776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12385280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7827968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    59071                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6526                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56729687000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122312                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  17982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  18799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  13325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        74702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   270.569677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.592931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.415201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17916     23.98%     23.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19890     26.63%     50.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21852     29.25%     79.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5089      6.81%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3672      4.92%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1832      2.45%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1245      1.67%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          753      1.01%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2453      3.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        74702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.311820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.244002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17100     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.150064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.489650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.591765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12175     71.17%     71.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2197     12.84%     84.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1595      9.32%     93.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1139      6.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30586832481                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34215051231                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   158067.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              176817.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      218.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   218.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  154115                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  86997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179619.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43214126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              285102720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              279644400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              155562000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              152583750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             752988600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756350400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396096480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396465840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21819558960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21102708150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14898562500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15527379000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42013239420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41920499700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.570943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.936212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052216                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 55.800697                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.325268                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               116.565321                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6711929     95.17%     95.17% |      182826      2.59%     97.77% |      113776      1.61%     99.38% |       41975      0.60%     99.98% |        1708      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052216                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15849976                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.591605                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.696019                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.780248                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14416774     90.96%     90.96% |      913089      5.76%     96.72% |       20701      0.13%     96.85% |       20101      0.13%     96.98% |       25720      0.16%     97.14% |       39824      0.25%     97.39% |       78120      0.49%     97.88% |      150319      0.95%     98.83% |      185328      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15849976                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15849974                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              41.598023                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.190919                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            211.054459                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15645131     98.71%     98.71% |      170724      1.08%     99.78% |       30523      0.19%     99.98% |        3302      0.02%    100.00% |         274      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15849974                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14672745                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000371                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000317                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020326                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14667462     99.96%     99.96% |        5239      0.04%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14672745                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177229                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        522.671379                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       269.980021                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       591.381102                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      972386     82.60%     82.60% |      170724     14.50%     97.10% |       30523      2.59%     99.69% |        3302      0.28%     99.98% |         274      0.02%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177229                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         100084                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       100084                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          327                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          297                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          328                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          246                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10941766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509966                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11451732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3726839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3850931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       261528                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22361                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       110984                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529007                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47684                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        18374                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          526                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        18158                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        18696                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67908                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        18352                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        18475                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        18041                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        18823                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67911                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        18940                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11326                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10835                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35034                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        11000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10444                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34422                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11706                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42554                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9626                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32877                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32985                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9460949                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9460949                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9676524                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9460949                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4080038                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4068093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9460949                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.083385                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4546016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4546016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4736097                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4546016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2227236                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2214380                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4546016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.040067                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3823561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3823561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4053609                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3823561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1556830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1542109                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3823561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033699                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3352766                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3352766                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3567011                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3352766                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1406308                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1394082                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3352766                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4011226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4011226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4266400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4011226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1933468                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1904858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4011226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4033972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4033972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4275631                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4033972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1904738                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1889876                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4033972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035554                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4695525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4695525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4973476                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4695525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1796161                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1775965                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4695525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3682248                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1407630                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1388606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3421590                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2339427                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2339427                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2461868                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2339427                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1019080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1007963                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2339427                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020619                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2864813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2864813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3056613                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2864813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1334945                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1316337                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2864813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025249                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2040328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2040328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2119140                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2040328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       827471                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821708                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2040328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017983                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748042                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694855                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694426                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015233                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2154291                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2154291                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2183315                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154291                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       975089                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974399                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2154291                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018987                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1804813                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1804813                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1826824                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1804813                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733811                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733241                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1804813                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015907                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1074804                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1074804                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1094424                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1074804                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416616                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415592                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1074804                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009473                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581505                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581505                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1623456                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581505                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621497                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619641                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581505                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013939                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110220                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110220                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2153778                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110220                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776051                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773348                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110220                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018599                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672306                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672306                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1721470                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672306                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638097                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635010                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672306                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014739                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632739                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632739                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1697278                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632739                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       653177                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649099                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632739                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014390                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946164                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946164                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       962323                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946164                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375077                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374260                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946164                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       918889                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       918889                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922655                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       918889                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415207                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415161                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       918889                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008099                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158940                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010166                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       997943                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       997943                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1003707                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       997943                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440660                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440567                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       997943                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008795                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626720                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869342                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363567                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007631                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1085092                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507754                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507307                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985628                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985628                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991247                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985628                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428097                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428004                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985628                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008687                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632259                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632259                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632259                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632259                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258819                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258819                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632259                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005572                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3892323                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3892323                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4217481                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3892322                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1606630                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1599827                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3892322                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836300                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836300                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4070932                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836300                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1557667                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836300                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033811                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869511                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869511                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4168656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869511                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1547654                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538431                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869511                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034104                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4018676                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4018676                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4290055                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4018676                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1629159                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1616988                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4018676                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035419                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5772717     27.39%     27.39% |    14234743     67.55%     94.94% |     1066984      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21074444                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5772717     27.39%     27.39% |    14234744     67.55%     94.94% |     1066984      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21074445                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   219064862                       |   358737183                       |    24554003                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   472145810                       |    57396333                       |     1066989                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.948311                       |   25.201522                       |   23.012532                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   81.789183                       |    4.032130                       |    1.000005                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.582298                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    25.177847                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         53.760146                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002954                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064073      7.04%      7.04% |    0.063948      7.03%     14.07% |    0.062759      6.90%     20.97% |    0.062489      6.87%     27.83% |    0.154094     16.93%     44.77% |    0.150451     16.53%     61.30% |    0.153985     16.92%     78.22% |    0.150212     16.51%     94.73% |    0.011984      1.32%     96.05% |    0.011996      1.32%     97.36% |    0.011992      1.32%     98.68% |    0.011991      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.909974                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022632                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027620                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002875                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002875                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005369                       |    0.002841                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002684                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002698                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002832                       |    0.002735                       |    0.002706                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002671                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002784                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002767                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002748                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002769                       |    0.002837                       |    0.002862                       |    0.002961                       |    0.003143                       |    0.010425                       |    0.010234                       |    0.010234                       |    0.010217                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000422                       |    0.001307                       |    0.000110                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000122                       |    0.000096                       |    0.000102                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002821                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002982                       |    0.002078                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002746                       |    0.000096                       |    0.003728                       |    0.007484                       |    0.002980                       |           0                       |    0.002893                       |    0.007687                       |           0                       |    0.007980                       |    0.011786                       |    0.003960                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002699                       |    0.000110                       |    0.008298                       |    0.007073                       |    0.011934                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002848                       |    0.000119                       |    0.011050                       |    0.007372                       |    0.004575                       |           0                       |    0.002880                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.011294                       |    0.007244                       |    0.004890                       |           0                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.005482                       |    0.003621                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |    0.002748                       |    0.002080                       |           0                       |    0.003024                       |           0                       |    0.001389                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002696                       |    0.003587                       |    0.002742                       |    0.000102                       |    0.003990                       |    0.004567                       |    0.007616                       |    0.002646                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002707                       |    0.000108                       |    0.005261                       |    0.009545                       |    0.010337                       |    0.003810                       |    0.032537                       |    0.004551                       |    0.000422                       |    0.005228                       |    0.015046                       |    0.019825                       |    0.005775                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002872                       |    0.001307                       |    0.005387                       |    0.009234                       |    0.015515                       |    0.005750                       |    0.003587                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000119                       |    0.007861                       |    0.007859                       |    0.008545                       |    0.004872                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |           0                       |    0.002507                       |    0.005456                       |    0.004328                       |    0.003938                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002706                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.000464                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.002831                       |           0                       |    0.003944                       |    0.003361                       |    0.005122                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.002979                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.003084                       |    0.007974                       |    0.009822                       |    0.002742                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002686                       |    0.000109                       |    0.018469                       |    0.008285                       |    0.005432                       |    0.002818                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000122                       |    0.003659                       |    0.011140                       |    0.006185                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.003076                       |    0.007496                       |           0                       |    0.004015                       |    0.011534                       |    0.006517                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.001633                       |    0.005452                       |    0.003256                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.000358                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002733                       |           0                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.001792                       |           0                       |    0.004956                       |           0                       |    0.002742                       |           0                       |    0.003692                       |    0.001345                       |    0.006159                       |           0                       |    0.002818                       |           0                       |    0.009028                       |    0.003546                       |    0.003206                       |           0                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.001797                       |    0.006837                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.002780                       |           0                       |    0.005551                       |    0.006060                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005524                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002769                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.909974                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5030806                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5030806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3440219                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2814173                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.802147                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          350718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9658766                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55077                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7840196                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103628                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9713843                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7943824                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17498962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158705                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17657667                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3857978                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3867431                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3857978                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3867431                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109900453                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14584776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29413660                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5030806                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3164891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90316299                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       238416                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       322831                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3857345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106115990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95925467     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1546989      1.46%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           827853      0.78%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           759001      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           815868      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           861960      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           735594      0.69%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494356      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4148902      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106115990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045776                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9298157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89060090                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708955                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2705635                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50447452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10434069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51595407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7433207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6167080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30143074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49106843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2052859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51390609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120947323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75226464                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40953535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10437046                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18472069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4917487                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8106329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       624967                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       462812                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47865480                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       275382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50572620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12494143                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67860                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106115990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85873075     80.92%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7465727      7.04%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5386825      5.08%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2395558      2.26%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2045402      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1510213      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878502      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342620      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218068      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106115990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106618     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680194     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90845     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32470754     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9804176     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7979096     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50572620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.460168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208354317                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55930570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44484527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51214720                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       810410                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7745                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512538                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5760742                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4566249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44961663                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48140862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4917487                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8106329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       266285                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71919                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7745                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       358997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50059446                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9651731                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17501339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3817328                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7849608                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44564513                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44484561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24820599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40277535                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005623                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       207522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316635                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104839256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89179898     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5557008      5.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5129793      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1969975      1.88%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       968771      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332108      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219230      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311430      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1171043      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104839256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22625536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40125877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11335956                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3742173                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3443472                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39775350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       273810                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28598160     71.27%     71.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3742173      9.33%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7593783     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40125877                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1171043                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151711482                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97545112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3784463                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22625536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40125877                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.857364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.857364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78032537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32501231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19129109                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12897674                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25714984                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1451827500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1451827500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273395                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        89.113881                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.839239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      164.365358                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2933644     89.62%     89.62% |      182290      5.57%     95.19% |      113776      3.48%     98.67% |       41975      1.28%     99.95% |        1708      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273395                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763065                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.963364                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.491155                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.702034                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3736384     99.29%     99.29% |       21225      0.56%     99.86% |        3649      0.10%     99.95% |        1271      0.03%     99.99% |         386      0.01%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763065                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.133981                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.788182                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.255715                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         554      3.52%      3.52% |        1960     12.44%     15.96% |        7178     45.56%     61.51% |        3598     22.84%     84.35% |        2410     15.30%     99.64% |          50      0.32%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3988741                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.544079                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.182307                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         296.532880                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3882262     97.33%     97.33% |       89213      2.24%     99.57% |       15357      0.39%     99.95% |        1719      0.04%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3988741                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3522184                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001013                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000872                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032592                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3518636     99.90%     99.90% |        3545      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3522184                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466557                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     631.743570                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    320.472619                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    634.569940                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      360078     77.18%     77.18% |       89213     19.12%     96.30% |       15357      3.29%     99.59% |        1719      0.37%     99.96% |         170      0.04%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466557                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7841898                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           42.152652                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.221570                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         209.358579                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7637375     97.39%     97.39% |      106217      1.35%     98.75% |       55322      0.71%     99.45% |       26141      0.33%     99.79% |       11014      0.14%     99.93% |        4142      0.05%     99.98% |        1245      0.02%     99.99% |         338      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7841898                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7267508                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000244                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000206                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.017476                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7265872     99.98%     99.98% |        1555      0.02%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7267508                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574390                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     537.531120                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    317.789994                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    577.590930                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      369867     64.39%     64.39% |      106217     18.49%     82.89% |       55322      9.63%     92.52% |       26141      4.55%     97.07% |       11014      1.92%     98.99% |        4142      0.72%     99.71% |        1245      0.22%     99.92% |         338      0.06%     99.98% |          89      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574390                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3850929                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.665450                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.328196                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      18.904742                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3850619     99.99%     99.99% |         253      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3850929                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3726839                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3726832    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3726839                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124090                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.717794                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.219962                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    66.852585                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123780     99.75%     99.75% |         253      0.20%     99.95% |          29      0.02%     99.98% |          19      0.02%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.771704                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805094                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.132868                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      166547     99.68%     99.68% |         502      0.30%     99.98% |          31      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154836     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.055190                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.532375                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    78.493059                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       11619     95.57%     95.57% |         502      4.13%     99.70% |          31      0.25%     99.95% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9159                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1034685                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        38753                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     6314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    12415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    29993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     7090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    12404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    29850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     6933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   12180                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   29206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    6778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   12176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   29819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    3693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    6608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   12693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   29501                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    3779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    6983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   12622                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   29788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3857                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    6650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   12430                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   29260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    3617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    6563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   11762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   29635                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   9719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1518                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   9862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  3532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 10506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  3536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  9893                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  3019                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 10211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   733                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  1625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  3090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  9924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   655                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  1958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  3282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 10452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2045                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  3950                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 10077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     4748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     7547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    18436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     4288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     7470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    18323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     3505                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     4493                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    7778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   19135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    3416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    4528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    7767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   18313                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    3490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    4698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    7298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   18913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    3391                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    4294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    7346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   18278                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    3558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    4705                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    7588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   19465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    3526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    4638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    8258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   19069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   84101                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139770227478647                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139770227626259                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  532056                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   82120                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30915187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31052070                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31349793                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                30910512                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30917650                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               31060365                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31360783                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               30909662                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               30911921                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               31038219                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31349746                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30912662                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30912785                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31048392                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31367970                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30914182                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30919384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31049371                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31335757                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30917657                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30927450                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31071627                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31403670                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30918771                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30922832                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31082842                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31371400                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  173                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3086                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6716                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                18417                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3464                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 6721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                18286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                6518                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               17852                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                3252                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               18462                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6953                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               17912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3410                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                6797                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               18400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                6771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               17636                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                3207                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                6061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               17945                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 19                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               5743                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1887                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               5874                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1014                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              2090                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              6308                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1068                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              5698                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1186                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1655                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              6248                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              1811                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              5760                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              1153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              1837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              6524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              2547                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              6215                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3228                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                5699                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               11576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3732                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3626                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5683                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               11564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3582                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               5662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              11354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3526                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               5758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              11357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3526                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3474                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5740                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              11589                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3608                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               5825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              11388                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3683                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3483                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               5659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              11624                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3452                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               5701                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              11690                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1060                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              3976                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               662                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              3988                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               738                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               661                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1442                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             4198                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              756                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              762                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1346                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             4195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              794                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             1364                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             3963                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              712                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              715                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             1279                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             4164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              637                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             1445                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             3928                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              868                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              932                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             1403                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             3862                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 222255                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 317063                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 727897                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1475324                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 222633                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 316219                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 721187                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1440645                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 222253                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 321363                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                723756                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1472604                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                222688                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                308653                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                718451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1455384                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                222767                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                311786                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                717952                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1431850                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                219697                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                316134                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                720445                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1435046                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                221131                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                316632                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                726481                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1471850                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                222285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                316268                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                731574                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1489473                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 19494                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                141849                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                678563                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1382997                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 19783                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                145281                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                675769                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1346747                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 22302                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                141470                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               667498                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1380849                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                25554                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               143294                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               672588                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1365170                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                15373                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               129591                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               673508                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1341814                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                16232                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               148443                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               674529                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1339706                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                19464                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               124111                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               675414                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1384405                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                19225                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               148264                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               679669                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1394973                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             120013                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             443501                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             118033                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             422595                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             114643                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             436060                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            115542                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            429777                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            121108                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            448711                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            120896                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            422862                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            116969                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            440309                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            120385                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            415057                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               403925                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               212266                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               413413                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               635701                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               409003                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               243548                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               408378                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               622088                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               402877                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               228097                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              407385                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              638688                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              402310                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              218638                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              401065                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              619431                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              405544                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              211384                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              397198                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              603133                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              398815                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              243614                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              392889                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              624806                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              395193                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              243282                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              436186                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              633759                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              397167                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              234647                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              405231                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              647355                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            19494                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           141849                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           678563                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1382997                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            19783                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           145281                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           675769                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1346747                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            22302                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           141470                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          667498                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1380849                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           25554                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          143294                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          672588                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1365170                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           15373                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          129591                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          673508                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1341814                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           16232                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          148443                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          674529                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1339706                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           19464                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          124111                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          675414                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1384405                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           19225                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          148264                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          679669                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1394973                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70689                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          185582                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          205594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          407303                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          635701                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          186467                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          218275                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          408378                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          622088                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          186086                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          209782                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         407385                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         638688                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         186931                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         209231                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         401065                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         619431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         188327                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         202259                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         397198                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         603133                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         185990                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         220528                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         392889                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         624806                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         186996                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         218155                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         429911                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         633759                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         185027                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         215453                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         405231                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         647355                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             203764                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             280033                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             712601                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1443596                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             204985                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             289105                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             705891                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1408917                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             205947                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             286347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            708460                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1440876                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            206834                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            280715                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            703155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1423656                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            202965                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            280747                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            702656                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1400122                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            200560                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            289366                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            705149                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1403318                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            203476                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            285796                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            711185                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1440122                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            203100                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            287379                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            716278                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1457745                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110782557                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110949790                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111324418                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110782553                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110949786                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111324414                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110782559                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110949792                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111324420                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110782555                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110949788                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111324416                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110782564                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110949797                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111324425                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110782560                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110949793                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111324421                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110782576                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110949809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111324437                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110782572                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110949805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111324433                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1476976                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1542266                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1742616                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2105266                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1478545                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1545181                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1732092                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2087727                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1476169                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1546397                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1738150                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2091470                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1478135                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1541735                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1731736                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2102444                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles          181271                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1539642                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1735938                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2085497                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1476169                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1542591                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1734457                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2082220                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1474485                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1548285                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles          714931                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2108225                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1477761                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1541711                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1739325                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2122169                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              662                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               83                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              648                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               772                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               622                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2209                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               712                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2063                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              772                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              628                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2239                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              709                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              589                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1091                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                61                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1471                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              673                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              534                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               60                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             3849                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197383     25.35%     25.35% |      193851     24.90%     50.25% |      193849     24.90%     75.15% |      193520     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778603                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119852     25.55%     25.55% |      116442     24.82%     50.37% |      116441     24.82%     75.19% |      116409     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469144                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197406     25.35%     25.35% |      193851     24.90%     50.25% |      193848     24.90%     75.15% |      193520     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778625                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125743     25.52%     25.52% |      122345     24.83%     50.35% |      122344     24.83%     75.18% |      122312     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492744                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69339     25.06%     25.06% |       69217     25.02%     50.08% |       69216     25.02%     75.09% |       68919     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276691                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197383     25.35%     25.35% |      193851     24.90%     50.25% |      193849     24.90%     75.15% |      193520     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778603                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119608     25.54%     25.54% |      116265     24.82%     50.36% |      116264     24.82%     75.18% |      116232     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468369                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69339     25.06%     25.06% |       69217     25.02%     50.08% |       69216     25.02%     75.09% |       68919     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276691                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197382     25.35%     25.35% |      193851     24.90%     50.25% |      193848     24.90%     75.15% |      193520     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119608     25.54%     25.54% |      116265     24.82%     50.36% |      116264     24.82%     75.18% |      116232     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468369                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3692496     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       37185      0.93%     93.48% |       37187      0.93%     94.41% |       37185      0.93%     95.34% |       37184      0.93%     96.27% |       37184      0.93%     97.20% |       37186      0.93%     98.14% |       37185      0.93%     99.07% |       37186      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3990026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3850988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3850988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7760634     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |       31230      0.39%     97.27% |       31222      0.39%     97.66% |       31224      0.39%     98.05% |       31225      0.39%     98.44% |       31229      0.39%     98.83% |       31217      0.39%     99.22% |       31222      0.39%     99.61% |       31227      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8010430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15267     98.26%     98.26% |          48      0.31%     98.57% |          30      0.19%     98.76% |          18      0.12%     98.88% |          25      0.16%     99.04% |          20      0.13%     99.17% |          22      0.14%     99.31% |          41      0.26%     99.58% |          42      0.27%     99.85% |          24      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630988     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67379      5.76%     59.69% |       67372      5.76%     65.45% |       67386      5.76%     71.21% |       67398      5.76%     76.97% |       67370      5.76%     82.72% |       67371      5.76%     88.48% |       67367      5.76%     94.24% |       67403      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     15.15%     15.15% |          10     15.15%     30.30% |          11     16.67%     46.97% |           4      6.06%     53.03% |           7     10.61%     63.64% |           7     10.61%     74.24% |          10     15.15%     89.39% |           7     10.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     52.94%     52.94% |           2      1.31%     54.25% |          13      8.50%     62.75% |          11      7.19%     69.93% |           5      3.27%     73.20% |           5      3.27%     76.47% |           6      3.92%     80.39% |          10      6.54%     86.93% |           5      3.27%     90.20% |          15      9.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169737     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36839      7.93%     44.48% |       36862      7.94%     52.42% |       36838      7.93%     60.35% |       36847      7.93%     68.28% |       36833      7.93%     76.21% |       36825      7.93%     84.14% |       36811      7.92%     92.06% |       36861      7.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.31%      1.31% |           8      5.23%      6.54% |          16     10.46%     16.99% |           7      4.58%     21.57% |          18     11.76%     33.33% |          15      9.80%     43.14% |          16     10.46%     53.59% |          29     18.95%     72.55% |          34     22.22%     94.77% |           8      5.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464294     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31032      4.36%     69.51% |       31011      4.35%     73.87% |       31041      4.36%     78.22% |       31046      4.36%     82.58% |       31032      4.36%     86.93% |       31028      4.35%     91.29% |       31034      4.36%     95.64% |       31042      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506191     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67336      6.44%     54.89% |       67341      6.44%     61.33% |       67349      6.45%     67.78% |       67372      6.45%     74.22% |       67340      6.44%     80.67% |       67322      6.44%     87.11% |       67316      6.44%     93.55% |       67369      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170803     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36856      7.91%     44.60% |       36869      7.92%     52.51% |       36858      7.91%     60.43% |       36862      7.92%     68.34% |       36849      7.91%     76.26% |       36856      7.91%     84.17% |       36848      7.91%     92.08% |       36870      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31031      5.29%     62.96% |       31011      5.29%     68.25% |       31039      5.29%     73.54% |       31046      5.29%     78.84% |       31032      5.29%     84.13% |       31026      5.29%     89.42% |       31031      5.29%     94.71% |       31041      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.07%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |          30      0.26%     98.33% |          18      0.16%     98.49% |          25      0.22%     98.70% |          20      0.17%     98.88% |          22      0.19%     99.07% |          41      0.36%     99.43% |          42      0.37%     99.79% |          24      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         838     97.10%     97.10% |          25      2.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1400    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          45    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         845     92.76%     92.76% |           0      0.00%     92.76% |          10      1.10%     93.85% |          10      1.10%     94.95% |          11      1.21%     96.16% |           4      0.44%     96.60% |           7      0.77%     97.37% |           7      0.77%     98.13% |          10      1.10%     99.23% |           7      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           5      0.02%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           4      0.02%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           2      0.01%     99.90% |          10      0.05%     99.95% |          11      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3726839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3726839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2312     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |          29      0.02%     99.85% |          17      0.01%     99.86% |          25      0.02%     99.88% |          20      0.02%     99.90% |          22      0.02%     99.92% |          41      0.03%     99.95% |          41      0.03%     99.98% |          23      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643250     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         323      0.02%     99.86% |         315      0.02%     99.88% |         322      0.02%     99.90% |         322      0.02%     99.92% |         333      0.02%     99.94% |         318      0.02%     99.96% |         325      0.02%     99.98% |         314      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1510     97.55%     97.55% |          38      2.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139023     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36636      8.48%     40.64% |       36642      8.48%     49.12% |       36641      8.48%     57.60% |       36636      8.48%     66.08% |       36690      8.49%     74.57% |       36640      8.48%     83.05% |       36615      8.47%     91.52% |       36656      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.94%      2.94% |          12     17.65%     20.59% |          10     14.71%     35.29% |           5      7.35%     42.65% |           5      7.35%     50.00% |           6      8.82%     58.82% |          10     14.71%     73.53% |           4      5.88%     79.41% |          14     20.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1855736    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1855736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7393075     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         199      0.00%     99.98% |         211      0.00%     99.98% |         185      0.00%     99.99% |         179      0.00%     99.99% |         195      0.00%     99.99% |         191      0.00%     99.99% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7394611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367168     59.92%     59.92% |           0      0.00%     59.92% |       30700      5.01%     64.93% |       30699      5.01%     69.94% |       30708      5.01%     74.95% |       30736      5.02%     79.97% |       30650      5.00%     84.97% |       30682      5.01%     89.98% |       30701      5.01%     94.99% |       30713      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     15.15%     15.15% |          10     15.15%     30.30% |          11     16.67%     46.97% |           4      6.06%     53.03% |           7     10.61%     63.64% |           7     10.61%     74.24% |          10     15.15%     89.39% |           7     10.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         250     95.42%     95.42% |           0      0.00%     95.42% |           4      1.53%     96.95% |           4      1.53%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           1      0.38%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           2      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169737     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36839      7.93%     44.48% |       36862      7.94%     52.42% |       36838      7.93%     60.35% |       36847      7.93%     68.28% |       36833      7.93%     76.21% |       36825      7.93%     84.14% |       36811      7.92%     92.06% |       36861      7.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.31%      1.31% |           8      5.23%      6.54% |          16     10.46%     16.99% |           7      4.58%     21.57% |          18     11.76%     33.33% |          15      9.80%     43.14% |          16     10.46%     53.59% |          29     18.95%     72.55% |          34     22.22%     94.77% |           8      5.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125992     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           2     13.33%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338302     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       31031      5.29%     62.97% |       31011      5.29%     68.25% |       31039      5.29%     73.54% |       31046      5.29%     78.84% |       31032      5.29%     84.13% |       31026      5.29%     89.42% |       31031      5.29%     94.71% |       31041      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1275     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           1      0.08%     99.30% |           3      0.23%     99.53% |           1      0.08%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           2      0.16%     99.77% |           1      0.08%     99.84% |           2      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         123     97.62%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |           2      1.59%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |           1      0.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506191     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67335      6.44%     54.89% |       67340      6.44%     61.33% |       67349      6.45%     67.78% |       67372      6.45%     74.22% |       67340      6.44%     80.67% |       67322      6.44%     87.11% |       67315      6.44%     93.55% |       67368      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.73% |        4048      3.26%     17.99% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3563      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3738      3.01%     49.42% |        4117      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.24% |        3702      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3977      3.20%     88.16% |        5202      4.19%     92.35% |        5076      4.09%     96.44% |        4416      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55087     11.81%     11.81% |       13893      2.98%     14.78% |       12707      2.72%     17.51% |       13622      2.92%     20.43% |       12827      2.75%     23.18% |       12690      2.72%     25.90% |       12296      2.64%     28.53% |       12555      2.69%     31.22% |       12938      2.77%     34.00% |       12814      2.75%     36.74% |       14956      3.21%     39.95% |       13303      2.85%     42.80% |       12859      2.76%     45.55% |       12823      2.75%     48.30% |       12199      2.61%     50.92% |       12581      2.70%     53.61% |       13679      2.93%     56.54% |       12730      2.73%     59.27% |       13097      2.81%     62.08% |       13147      2.82%     64.90% |       13662      2.93%     67.83% |       16811      3.60%     71.43% |       12773      2.74%     74.17% |       12922      2.77%     76.94% |       12860      2.76%     79.69% |       13001      2.79%     82.48% |       12531      2.69%     85.16% |       12243      2.62%     87.79% |       13257      2.84%     90.63% |       12621      2.70%     93.33% |       13603      2.92%     96.25% |       17496      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22437      3.83%      3.83% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16798      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16828      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17470      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17607      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17678      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.61% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18471      3.15%     64.00% |       20244      3.45%     67.45% |       18473      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18407      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18647      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.33% |       19441      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75580      7.23%      7.23% |       32686      3.13%     10.36% |       29304      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29607      2.83%     19.08% |       29493      2.82%     21.90% |       28918      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30209      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32341      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30346      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31308      3.00%     53.74% |       30135      2.88%     56.63% |       30757      2.94%     59.57% |       31443      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.16% |       31055      2.97%     72.13% |       31064      2.97%     75.10% |       31074      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30988      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32513      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37941      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044937                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17853      3.81%      3.81% |       14526      3.10%      6.91% |       14535      3.10%     10.02% |       14521      3.10%     13.12% |       14505      3.10%     16.22% |       14513      3.10%     19.32% |       14524      3.10%     22.42% |       14523      3.10%     25.52% |       14535      3.10%     28.62% |       14543      3.11%     31.73% |       14538      3.10%     34.83% |       14533      3.10%     37.94% |       14519      3.10%     41.04% |       14528      3.10%     44.14% |       14523      3.10%     47.24% |       14517      3.10%     50.34% |       14571      3.11%     53.45% |       14536      3.10%     56.56% |       14541      3.11%     59.66% |       14537      3.10%     62.77% |       14524      3.10%     65.87% |       14546      3.11%     68.98% |       14530      3.10%     72.08% |       14532      3.10%     75.18% |       14546      3.11%     78.29% |       14542      3.11%     81.39% |       14532      3.10%     84.50% |       14528      3.10%     87.60% |       14528      3.10%     90.70% |       14507      3.10%     93.80% |       14519      3.10%     96.90% |       14517      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468272                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8852      3.20%      3.20% |        8705      3.15%      6.34% |        8710      3.15%      9.49% |        8652      3.13%     12.62% |        8645      3.12%     15.74% |        8623      3.12%     18.85% |        8633      3.12%     21.97% |        8640      3.12%     25.10% |        8644      3.12%     28.22% |        8681      3.14%     31.35% |        8711      3.15%     34.50% |        8657      3.13%     37.63% |        8686      3.14%     40.77% |        8648      3.12%     43.89% |        8685      3.14%     47.03% |        8621      3.11%     50.14% |        8675      3.13%     53.28% |        8641      3.12%     56.40% |        8634      3.12%     59.52% |        8601      3.11%     62.63% |        8615      3.11%     65.74% |        8631      3.12%     68.86% |        8615      3.11%     71.97% |        8580      3.10%     75.07% |        8622      3.12%     78.19% |        8668      3.13%     81.32% |        8643      3.12%     84.44% |        8585      3.10%     87.54% |        8627      3.12%     90.66% |        8644      3.12%     93.78% |        8607      3.11%     96.89% |        8607      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       276788                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27819      3.57%      3.57% |       24278      3.12%      6.69% |       24292      3.12%      9.81% |       24220      3.11%     12.92% |       24196      3.11%     16.03% |       24182      3.11%     19.14% |       24203      3.11%     22.24% |       24209      3.11%     25.35% |       24225      3.11%     28.46% |       24270      3.12%     31.58% |       24295      3.12%     34.70% |       24236      3.11%     37.81% |       24251      3.11%     40.93% |       24222      3.11%     44.04% |       24253      3.11%     47.16% |       24184      3.11%     50.26% |       24292      3.12%     53.38% |       24223      3.11%     56.49% |       24221      3.11%     59.60% |       24184      3.11%     62.71% |       24184      3.11%     65.82% |       24223      3.11%     68.93% |       24191      3.11%     72.03% |       24158      3.10%     75.14% |       24214      3.11%     78.25% |       24256      3.12%     81.36% |       24221      3.11%     84.47% |       24159      3.10%     87.58% |       24201      3.11%     90.68% |       24197      3.11%     93.79% |       24172      3.10%     96.90% |       24170      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26795      3.59%      3.59% |       23254      3.12%      6.71% |       23268      3.12%      9.83% |       23196      3.11%     12.94% |       23172      3.11%     16.05% |       23158      3.10%     19.15% |       23179      3.11%     22.26% |       23185      3.11%     25.37% |       23201      3.11%     28.48% |       23246      3.12%     31.60% |       23271      3.12%     34.72% |       23212      3.11%     37.83% |       23227      3.11%     40.94% |       23198      3.11%     44.05% |       23230      3.11%     47.17% |       23160      3.11%     50.27% |       23268      3.12%     53.39% |       23199      3.11%     56.50% |       23197      3.11%     59.61% |       23160      3.11%     62.72% |       23160      3.11%     65.82% |       23199      3.11%     68.93% |       23167      3.11%     72.04% |       23134      3.10%     75.14% |       23190      3.11%     78.25% |       23232      3.11%     81.37% |       23197      3.11%     84.48% |       23135      3.10%     87.58% |       23177      3.11%     90.69% |       23173      3.11%     93.79% |       23148      3.10%     96.90% |       23146      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745834                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.62%     21.62% |           2      0.77%     22.39% |           6      2.32%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          31     43.06%     43.06% |           0      0.00%     43.06% |           0      0.00%     43.06% |          15     20.83%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           9     12.50%     76.39% |           0      0.00%     76.39% |           0      0.00%     76.39% |          15     20.83%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           2      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          35     22.29%     22.29% |           2      1.27%     23.57% |           1      0.64%     24.20% |          21     13.38%     37.58% |           3      1.91%     39.49% |           3      1.91%     41.40% |           4      2.55%     43.95% |           3      1.91%     45.86% |           5      3.18%     49.04% |           3      1.91%     50.96% |           2      1.27%     52.23% |           2      1.27%     53.50% |           3      1.91%     55.41% |           3      1.91%     57.32% |           4      2.55%     59.87% |           3      1.91%     61.78% |          12      7.64%     69.43% |           1      0.64%     70.06% |           2      1.27%     71.34% |          15      9.55%     80.89% |           1      0.64%     81.53% |           0      0.00%     81.53% |           1      0.64%     82.17% |           2      1.27%     83.44% |           3      1.91%     85.35% |           5      3.18%     88.54% |           4      2.55%     91.08% |           5      3.18%     94.27% |           3      1.91%     96.18% |           2      1.27%     97.45% |           2      1.27%     98.73% |           2      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         549      3.61%      3.61% |         471      3.10%      6.71% |         463      3.05%      9.76% |         467      3.07%     12.83% |         462      3.04%     15.87% |         457      3.01%     18.88% |         468      3.08%     21.95% |         467      3.07%     25.03% |         459      3.02%     28.05% |         461      3.03%     31.08% |         509      3.35%     34.43% |         484      3.18%     37.61% |         503      3.31%     40.92% |         476      3.13%     44.05% |         499      3.28%     47.34% |         482      3.17%     50.51% |         504      3.32%     53.82% |         488      3.21%     57.03% |         471      3.10%     60.13% |         462      3.04%     63.17% |         437      2.88%     66.05% |         482      3.17%     69.22% |         453      2.98%     72.20% |         443      2.91%     75.11% |         481      3.16%     78.28% |         499      3.28%     81.56% |         487      3.20%     84.76% |         451      2.97%     87.73% |         461      3.03%     90.76% |         473      3.11%     93.88% |         473      3.11%     96.99% |         458      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15200                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          32     20.92%     20.92% |           2      1.31%     22.22% |           1      0.65%     22.88% |          18     11.76%     34.64% |           3      1.96%     36.60% |           3      1.96%     38.56% |           4      2.61%     41.18% |           3      1.96%     43.14% |           5      3.27%     46.41% |           3      1.96%     48.37% |           2      1.31%     49.67% |           2      1.31%     50.98% |           3      1.96%     52.94% |           3      1.96%     54.90% |           4      2.61%     57.52% |           3      1.96%     59.48% |          12      7.84%     67.32% |           1      0.65%     67.97% |           2      1.31%     69.28% |          15      9.80%     79.08% |           1      0.65%     79.74% |           0      0.00%     79.74% |           1      0.65%     80.39% |           2      1.31%     81.70% |           3      1.96%     83.66% |           5      3.27%     86.93% |           4      2.61%     89.54% |           7      4.58%     94.12% |           3      1.96%     96.08% |           2      1.31%     97.39% |           2      1.31%     98.69% |           2      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75919      7.22%      7.22% |       32868      3.13%     10.35% |       29492      2.81%     13.16% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29790      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29098      2.77%     24.66% |       29696      2.83%     27.49% |       30396      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32541      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30531      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.06% |       29600      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31510      3.00%     53.74% |       30317      2.88%     56.63% |       30932      2.94%     59.57% |       31641      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.64% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31243      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31259      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31172      2.97%     84.02% |       30879      2.94%     86.95% |       32695      3.11%     90.07% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34137      3.25%     96.37% |       38128      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051075                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.30%      3.30% |         421      3.12%      6.41% |         414      3.07%      9.48% |         404      2.99%     12.47% |         410      3.04%     15.51% |         401      2.97%     18.48% |         414      3.07%     21.54% |         417      3.09%     24.63% |         407      3.01%     27.65% |         416      3.08%     30.73% |         443      3.28%     34.01% |         438      3.24%     37.25% |         452      3.35%     40.60% |         429      3.18%     43.78% |         449      3.33%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.03% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         426      3.16%     93.87% |         426      3.16%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12400      4.30%      4.30% |        8975      3.11%      7.41% |        8992      3.12%     10.53% |        8928      3.10%     13.62% |        8905      3.09%     16.71% |        8892      3.08%     19.79% |        8897      3.08%     22.88% |        8908      3.09%     25.97% |        8925      3.09%     29.06% |        8957      3.11%     32.17% |        8974      3.11%     35.28% |        8898      3.08%     38.36% |        8910      3.09%     41.45% |        8902      3.09%     44.54% |        8919      3.09%     47.63% |        8863      3.07%     50.70% |        8920      3.09%     53.79% |        8886      3.08%     56.87% |        8891      3.08%     59.96% |        8879      3.08%     63.04% |        8886      3.08%     66.12% |        8893      3.08%     69.20% |        8903      3.09%     72.29% |        8867      3.07%     75.36% |        8881      3.08%     78.44% |        8911      3.09%     81.53% |        8885      3.08%     84.61% |        8867      3.07%     87.68% |        8900      3.09%     90.77% |        8888      3.08%     93.85% |        8853      3.07%     96.92% |        8889      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14882      3.12%      6.26% |       14886      3.12%      9.39% |       14888      3.12%     12.51% |       14881      3.12%     15.63% |       14889      3.12%     18.76% |       14892      3.12%     21.88% |       14884      3.12%     25.00% |       14893      3.12%     28.13% |       14897      3.13%     31.25% |       14878      3.12%     34.37% |       14900      3.13%     37.50% |       14889      3.12%     40.62% |       14891      3.12%     43.75% |       14886      3.12%     46.87% |       14881      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.13%     56.25% |       14896      3.13%     59.37% |       14899      3.13%     62.50% |       14913      3.13%     65.63% |       14922      3.13%     68.76% |       14884      3.12%     71.88% |       14896      3.13%     75.01% |       14906      3.13%     78.13% |       14898      3.13%     81.26% |       14900      3.13%     84.38% |       14891      3.12%     87.51% |       14886      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14893      3.12%     96.88% |       14880      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          13     10.32%     10.32% |           3      2.38%     12.70% |           2      1.59%     14.29% |          10      7.94%     22.22% |           3      2.38%     24.60% |           5      3.97%     28.57% |           6      4.76%     33.33% |           3      2.38%     35.71% |           5      3.97%     39.68% |           3      2.38%     42.06% |           2      1.59%     43.65% |           2      1.59%     45.24% |           4      3.17%     48.41% |           3      2.38%     50.79% |           5      3.97%     54.76% |           3      2.38%     57.14% |          10      7.94%     65.08% |           1      0.79%     65.87% |           3      2.38%     68.25% |           6      4.76%     73.02% |           1      0.79%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           1      0.79%     74.60% |           2      1.59%     76.19% |           4      3.17%     79.37% |           5      3.97%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           6      4.76%     92.06% |           3      2.38%     94.44% |           2      1.59%     96.03% |           2      1.59%     97.62% |           3      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.45%      3.45% |         421      3.11%      6.57% |         411      3.04%      9.60% |         412      3.05%     12.65% |         411      3.04%     15.69% |         402      2.97%     18.66% |         417      3.08%     21.74% |         416      3.08%     24.82% |         407      3.01%     27.83% |         414      3.06%     30.89% |         445      3.29%     34.18% |         438      3.24%     37.42% |         449      3.32%     40.74% |         428      3.16%     43.90% |         448      3.31%     47.21% |         438      3.24%     50.45% |         450      3.33%     53.78% |         439      3.25%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.22% |         411      3.04%     63.26% |         385      2.85%     66.10% |         406      3.00%     69.10% |         404      2.99%     72.09% |         398      2.94%     75.03% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.76% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         413      3.05%     90.77% |         424      3.13%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41090     23.34%     23.34% |        4904      2.79%     26.13% |        3701      2.10%     28.23% |        4652      2.64%     30.87% |        3906      2.22%     33.09% |        3713      2.11%     35.20% |        3373      1.92%     37.11% |        3635      2.06%     39.18% |        4001      2.27%     41.45% |        3854      2.19%     43.64% |        5960      3.39%     47.03% |        4400      2.50%     49.52% |        3943      2.24%     51.76% |        3914      2.22%     53.99% |        3256      1.85%     55.84% |        3713      2.11%     57.95% |        4740      2.69%     60.64% |        3838      2.18%     62.82% |        4138      2.35%     65.17% |        4250      2.41%     67.58% |        4774      2.71%     70.29% |        7899      4.49%     74.78% |        3867      2.20%     76.98% |        4051      2.30%     79.28% |        3971      2.26%     81.53% |        4077      2.32%     83.85% |        3638      2.07%     85.92% |        3365      1.91%     87.83% |        4354      2.47%     90.30% |        3731      2.12%     92.42% |        4747      2.70%     95.12% |        8597      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7403      6.74%      6.74% |        4101      3.73%     10.48% |        1911      1.74%     12.22% |        3927      3.58%     15.79% |        2098      1.91%     17.70% |        2184      1.99%     19.69% |        1936      1.76%     21.46% |        2269      2.07%     23.52% |        2576      2.35%     25.87% |        2282      2.08%     27.95% |        2729      2.49%     30.43% |        2669      2.43%     32.86% |        2785      2.54%     35.40% |        2597      2.36%     37.76% |        2537      2.31%     40.07% |        2738      2.49%     42.57% |        2913      2.65%     45.22% |        2694      2.45%     47.67% |        2994      2.73%     50.40% |        3610      3.29%     53.69% |        3550      3.23%     56.92% |        5316      4.84%     61.76% |        3589      3.27%     65.03% |        3434      3.13%     68.16% |        3500      3.19%     71.34% |        3354      3.05%     74.40% |        3746      3.41%     77.81% |        3752      3.42%     81.23% |        4555      4.15%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5644      5.14%     94.75% |        5762      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17837      3.81%      3.81% |       14520      3.10%      6.91% |       14529      3.10%     10.02% |       14509      3.10%     13.12% |       14500      3.10%     16.21% |       14506      3.10%     19.31% |       14515      3.10%     22.41% |       14518      3.10%     25.52% |       14529      3.10%     28.62% |       14538      3.11%     31.73% |       14532      3.10%     34.83% |       14529      3.10%     37.94% |       14514      3.10%     41.04% |       14524      3.10%     44.14% |       14517      3.10%     47.24% |       14513      3.10%     50.34% |       14559      3.11%     53.45% |       14533      3.10%     56.56% |       14535      3.11%     59.66% |       14529      3.10%     62.77% |       14521      3.10%     65.87% |       14542      3.11%     68.97% |       14526      3.10%     72.08% |       14529      3.10%     75.18% |       14540      3.11%     78.29% |       14534      3.11%     81.39% |       14524      3.10%     84.50% |       14520      3.10%     87.60% |       14521      3.10%     90.70% |       14501      3.10%     93.80% |       14514      3.10%     96.90% |       14511      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468069                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8319      3.18%      3.18% |        8240      3.15%      6.33% |        8248      3.15%      9.48% |        8195      3.13%     12.61% |        8187      3.13%     15.74% |        8172      3.12%     18.86% |        8174      3.12%     21.99% |        8177      3.12%     25.11% |        8189      3.13%     28.24% |        8224      3.14%     31.38% |        8204      3.14%     34.52% |        8175      3.12%     37.64% |        8186      3.13%     40.77% |        8176      3.12%     43.90% |        8192      3.13%     47.03% |        8143      3.11%     50.14% |        8182      3.13%     53.27% |        8154      3.12%     56.38% |        8162      3.12%     59.50% |        8137      3.11%     62.61% |        8163      3.12%     65.73% |        8134      3.11%     68.84% |        8158      3.12%     71.96% |        8133      3.11%     75.07% |        8143      3.11%     78.18% |        8174      3.12%     81.30% |        8161      3.12%     84.42% |        8138      3.11%     87.53% |        8169      3.12%     90.65% |        8173      3.12%     93.78% |        8134      3.11%     96.88% |        8154      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261670                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          32     20.92%     20.92% |           2      1.31%     22.22% |           1      0.65%     22.88% |          18     11.76%     34.64% |           3      1.96%     36.60% |           3      1.96%     38.56% |           4      2.61%     41.18% |           3      1.96%     43.14% |           5      3.27%     46.41% |           3      1.96%     48.37% |           2      1.31%     49.67% |           2      1.31%     50.98% |           3      1.96%     52.94% |           3      1.96%     54.90% |           4      2.61%     57.52% |           3      1.96%     59.48% |          12      7.84%     67.32% |           1      0.65%     67.97% |           2      1.31%     69.28% |          15      9.80%     79.08% |           1      0.65%     79.74% |           0      0.00%     79.74% |           1      0.65%     80.39% |           2      1.31%     81.70% |           3      1.96%     83.66% |           5      3.27%     86.93% |           4      2.61%     89.54% |           7      4.58%     94.12% |           3      1.96%     96.08% |           2      1.31%     97.39% |           2      1.31%     98.69% |           2      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          52     78.79%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |          14     21.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75577      7.23%      7.23% |       32686      3.13%     10.36% |       29304      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29607      2.83%     19.08% |       29493      2.82%     21.90% |       28918      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30209      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32341      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30346      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31308      3.00%     53.74% |       30135      2.88%     56.63% |       30757      2.94%     59.57% |       31441      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31055      2.97%     72.13% |       31064      2.97%     75.10% |       31074      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30988      2.97%     84.01% |       30693      2.94%     86.95% |       32513      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37941      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          66      4.15%      4.15% |          44      2.76%      6.91% |          51      3.20%     10.11% |          45      2.83%     12.94% |          47      2.95%     15.89% |          49      3.08%     18.97% |          42      2.64%     21.61% |          47      2.95%     24.56% |          48      3.02%     27.58% |          43      2.70%     30.28% |          62      3.89%     34.17% |          44      2.76%     36.93% |          51      3.20%     40.14% |          44      2.76%     42.90% |          45      2.83%     45.73% |          40      2.51%     48.24% |          43      2.70%     50.94% |          48      3.02%     53.96% |          40      2.51%     56.47% |          53      3.33%     59.80% |          67      4.21%     64.01% |          91      5.72%     69.72% |          53      3.33%     73.05% |          49      3.08%     76.13% |          49      3.08%     79.21% |          45      2.83%     82.04% |          46      2.89%     84.92% |          47      2.95%     87.88% |          45      2.83%     90.70% |          47      2.95%     93.66% |          50      3.14%     96.80% |          51      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1592                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.45%      3.45% |           0      0.00%      3.45% |           0      0.00%      3.45% |           0      0.00%      3.45% |           2      6.90%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           0      0.00%     10.34% |           1      3.45%     13.79% |           1      3.45%     17.24% |           0      0.00%     17.24% |           0      0.00%     17.24% |           7     24.14%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           8     27.59%     68.97% |           0      0.00%     68.97% |           9     31.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           4     17.39%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           0      0.00%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |          12     52.17%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26795      3.59%      3.59% |       23254      3.12%      6.71% |       23268      3.12%      9.83% |       23196      3.11%     12.94% |       23172      3.11%     16.05% |       23158      3.10%     19.15% |       23179      3.11%     22.26% |       23185      3.11%     25.37% |       23201      3.11%     28.48% |       23246      3.12%     31.60% |       23271      3.12%     34.72% |       23212      3.11%     37.83% |       23227      3.11%     40.94% |       23198      3.11%     44.05% |       23230      3.11%     47.17% |       23160      3.11%     50.27% |       23268      3.12%     53.39% |       23199      3.11%     56.50% |       23197      3.11%     59.61% |       23160      3.11%     62.72% |       23160      3.11%     65.82% |       23199      3.11%     68.93% |       23167      3.11%     72.04% |       23134      3.10%     75.14% |       23190      3.11%     78.25% |       23232      3.11%     81.37% |       23197      3.11%     84.48% |       23135      3.10%     87.58% |       23177      3.11%     90.69% |       23173      3.11%     93.79% |       23148      3.10%     96.90% |       23146      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745834                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           4      4.12%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      4.35%      4.35% |          44      2.94%      7.29% |          47      3.14%     10.43% |          43      2.88%     13.31% |          46      3.08%     16.39% |          48      3.21%     19.60% |          42      2.81%     22.41% |          45      3.01%     25.42% |          46      3.08%     28.49% |          42      2.81%     31.30% |          59      3.95%     35.25% |          42      2.81%     38.06% |          49      3.28%     41.34% |          44      2.94%     44.28% |          45      3.01%     47.29% |          40      2.68%     49.97% |          42      2.81%     52.78% |          47      3.14%     55.92% |          35      2.34%     58.26% |          45      3.01%     61.27% |          50      3.34%     64.62% |          74      4.95%     69.57% |          47      3.14%     72.71% |          42      2.81%     75.52% |          47      3.14%     78.66% |          43      2.88%     81.54% |          45      3.01%     84.55% |          45      3.01%     87.56% |          44      2.94%     90.50% |          45      3.01%     93.51% |          47      3.14%     96.66% |          50      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          22     52.38%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           9     21.43%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           9     21.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.45%      3.45% |         421      3.11%      6.57% |         411      3.04%      9.60% |         412      3.05%     12.65% |         411      3.04%     15.69% |         402      2.97%     18.66% |         417      3.08%     21.74% |         416      3.08%     24.82% |         407      3.01%     27.83% |         414      3.06%     30.89% |         445      3.29%     34.18% |         438      3.24%     37.42% |         449      3.32%     40.74% |         428      3.16%     43.90% |         448      3.31%     47.21% |         438      3.24%     50.45% |         450      3.33%     53.78% |         439      3.25%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.22% |         411      3.04%     63.26% |         385      2.85%     66.10% |         406      3.00%     69.10% |         404      2.99%     72.09% |         398      2.94%     75.03% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.76% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         413      3.05%     90.77% |         424      3.13%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          13     11.30%     11.30% |           2      1.74%     13.04% |           1      0.87%     13.91% |          12     10.43%     24.35% |           3      2.61%     26.96% |           3      2.61%     29.57% |           4      3.48%     33.04% |           3      2.61%     35.65% |           5      4.35%     40.00% |           3      2.61%     42.61% |           2      1.74%     44.35% |           2      1.74%     46.09% |           3      2.61%     48.70% |           3      2.61%     51.30% |           4      3.48%     54.78% |           3      2.61%     57.39% |          10      8.70%     66.09% |           1      0.87%     66.96% |           2      1.74%     68.70% |           6      5.22%     73.91% |           1      0.87%     74.78% |           0      0.00%     74.78% |           1      0.87%     75.65% |           2      1.74%     77.39% |           3      2.61%     80.00% |           5      4.35%     84.35% |           4      3.48%     87.83% |           5      4.35%     92.17% |           3      2.61%     94.78% |           2      1.74%     96.52% |           2      1.74%     98.26% |           2      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          13     10.32%     10.32% |           3      2.38%     12.70% |           2      1.59%     14.29% |          10      7.94%     22.22% |           3      2.38%     24.60% |           5      3.97%     28.57% |           6      4.76%     33.33% |           3      2.38%     35.71% |           5      3.97%     39.68% |           3      2.38%     42.06% |           2      1.59%     43.65% |           2      1.59%     45.24% |           4      3.17%     48.41% |           3      2.38%     50.79% |           5      3.97%     54.76% |           3      2.38%     57.14% |          10      7.94%     65.08% |           1      0.79%     65.87% |           3      2.38%     68.25% |           6      4.76%     73.02% |           1      0.79%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           1      0.79%     74.60% |           2      1.59%     76.19% |           4      3.17%     79.37% |           5      3.97%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           6      4.76%     92.06% |           3      2.38%     94.44% |           2      1.59%     96.03% |           2      1.59%     97.62% |           3      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12397      4.30%      4.30% |        8975      3.11%      7.41% |        8992      3.12%     10.53% |        8928      3.10%     13.62% |        8905      3.09%     16.71% |        8892      3.08%     19.79% |        8897      3.08%     22.88% |        8908      3.09%     25.97% |        8925      3.09%     29.06% |        8957      3.11%     32.16% |        8974      3.11%     35.28% |        8898      3.08%     38.36% |        8910      3.09%     41.45% |        8902      3.09%     44.54% |        8919      3.09%     47.63% |        8863      3.07%     50.70% |        8920      3.09%     53.79% |        8886      3.08%     56.87% |        8891      3.08%     59.96% |        8879      3.08%     63.03% |        8886      3.08%     66.12% |        8893      3.08%     69.20% |        8903      3.09%     72.29% |        8867      3.07%     75.36% |        8881      3.08%     78.44% |        8911      3.09%     81.53% |        8885      3.08%     84.61% |        8867      3.07%     87.68% |        8900      3.09%     90.77% |        8888      3.08%     93.85% |        8853      3.07%     96.92% |        8889      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288441                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         448      3.32%      3.32% |         421      3.12%      6.44% |         414      3.07%      9.50% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         410      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.57% |         417      3.09%     24.65% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         416      3.08%     30.75% |         443      3.28%     34.03% |         438      3.24%     37.27% |         452      3.35%     40.62% |         429      3.18%     43.80% |         448      3.32%     47.12% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.71% |         440      3.26%     56.97% |         434      3.21%     60.18% |         406      3.01%     63.19% |         385      2.85%     66.04% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.88% |         426      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14882      3.12%      6.26% |       14886      3.12%      9.39% |       14888      3.12%     12.51% |       14881      3.12%     15.63% |       14889      3.12%     18.76% |       14892      3.12%     21.88% |       14884      3.12%     25.00% |       14893      3.12%     28.13% |       14897      3.13%     31.25% |       14878      3.12%     34.37% |       14900      3.13%     37.50% |       14889      3.12%     40.62% |       14891      3.12%     43.75% |       14886      3.12%     46.87% |       14881      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.13%     56.25% |       14896      3.13%     59.37% |       14899      3.13%     62.50% |       14913      3.13%     65.63% |       14922      3.13%     68.76% |       14884      3.12%     71.88% |       14896      3.13%     75.01% |       14906      3.13%     78.13% |       14898      3.13%     81.26% |       14900      3.13%     84.38% |       14891      3.12%     87.51% |       14886      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14893      3.12%     96.88% |       14880      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75916      7.22%      7.22% |       32862      3.13%     10.35% |       29490      2.81%     13.16% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29790      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29098      2.77%     24.66% |       29696      2.83%     27.49% |       30395      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32541      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30527      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.06% |       29598      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31509      3.00%     53.74% |       30315      2.88%     56.63% |       30919      2.94%     59.57% |       31638      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.64% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31243      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31258      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31169      2.97%     84.02% |       30875      2.94%     86.95% |       32695      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34137      3.25%     96.37% |       38128      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.25%      1.25% |           2      2.50%      3.75% |           1      1.25%      5.00% |           3      3.75%      8.75% |           3      3.75%     12.50% |           3      3.75%     16.25% |           4      5.00%     21.25% |           3      3.75%     25.00% |           5      6.25%     31.25% |           3      3.75%     35.00% |           2      2.50%     37.50% |           2      2.50%     40.00% |           3      3.75%     43.75% |           3      3.75%     47.50% |           4      5.00%     52.50% |           2      2.50%     55.00% |           3      3.75%     58.75% |           1      1.25%     60.00% |           2      2.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      1.25%     63.75% |           0      0.00%     63.75% |           1      1.25%     65.00% |           2      2.50%     67.50% |           3      3.75%     71.25% |           5      6.25%     77.50% |           4      5.00%     82.50% |           5      6.25%     88.75% |           3      3.75%     92.50% |           2      2.50%     95.00% |           2      2.50%     97.50% |           2      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          31     43.66%     43.66% |           0      0.00%     43.66% |           0      0.00%     43.66% |          15     21.13%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           9     12.68%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |          14     19.72%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           2      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          32     21.19%     21.19% |           2      1.32%     22.52% |           1      0.66%     23.18% |          18     11.92%     35.10% |           3      1.99%     37.09% |           3      1.99%     39.07% |           4      2.65%     41.72% |           3      1.99%     43.71% |           5      3.31%     47.02% |           3      1.99%     49.01% |           2      1.32%     50.33% |           2      1.32%     51.66% |           3      1.99%     53.64% |           3      1.99%     55.63% |           4      2.65%     58.28% |           2      1.32%     59.60% |          12      7.95%     67.55% |           1      0.66%     68.21% |           2      1.32%     69.54% |          14      9.27%     78.81% |           1      0.66%     79.47% |           0      0.00%     79.47% |           1      0.66%     80.13% |           2      1.32%     81.46% |           3      1.99%     83.44% |           5      3.31%     86.75% |           4      2.65%     89.40% |           7      4.64%     94.04% |           3      1.99%     96.03% |           2      1.32%     97.35% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          151                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       47920     16.16%     16.16% |      148260     50.00%     66.16% |       12435      4.19%     70.35% |       13554      4.57%     74.93% |       12198      4.11%     79.04% |       13521      4.56%     83.60% |       12401      4.18%     87.78% |       13807      4.66%     92.44% |       10875      3.67%     96.11% |       11549      3.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       296520                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       47920     16.16%     16.16% |      148260     50.00%     66.16% |       12435      4.19%     70.35% |       13554      4.57%     74.93% |       12198      4.11%     79.04% |       13521      4.56%     83.60% |       12401      4.18%     87.78% |       13807      4.66%     92.44% |       10875      3.67%     96.11% |       11549      3.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       296520                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       47920     16.16%     16.16% |      148260     50.00%     66.16% |       12435      4.19%     70.35% |       13554      4.57%     74.93% |       12198      4.11%     79.04% |       13521      4.56%     83.60% |       12401      4.18%     87.78% |       13807      4.66%     92.44% |       10875      3.67%     96.11% |       11549      3.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       296520                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       47920     16.16%     16.16% |      148260     50.00%     66.16% |       12435      4.19%     70.35% |       13554      4.57%     74.93% |       12198      4.11%     79.04% |       13521      4.56%     83.60% |       12401      4.18%     87.78% |       13807      4.66%     92.44% |       10875      3.67%     96.11% |       11549      3.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       296520                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
