
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153834                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153834470000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330002548500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30442                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57961                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               72508975                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4032996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2121.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64586126                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122970461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25268992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25268992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21421568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21421568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164260923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164260923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139250767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139250767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303511690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303511690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334712                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25267968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21421440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21421568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            20994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   133260                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    16372                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153834206500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                139307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  52936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  21949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  37082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       216134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.020062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.201176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.819186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68757     31.81%     31.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54693     25.31%     57.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69818     32.30%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10355      4.79%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5741      2.66%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2829      1.31%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1461      0.68%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          947      0.44%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1533      0.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       216134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.903489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.974113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49945     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.700498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.087868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.534702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40251     80.58%     80.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1867      3.74%     84.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5036     10.08%     94.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2799      5.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 66009687810                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            73412412810                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   167192.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              185942.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  294754                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 218632                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210864.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122130569250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              822104640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              811860840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              448569000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              442979625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546506000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532973000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086689520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082231280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61128325035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60870764835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678583000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904513000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113758397115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113692942500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.491840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.066350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24508736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24508736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20683648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20683648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159318883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159318883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134453923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134453923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293772807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293772807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382949                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323182                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382949                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323182                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24507264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20683584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24508736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20683648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    93949                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    13122                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153833715500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382949                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323182                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                100765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  52012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  30123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       187281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.297302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.298247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.136532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40373     21.56%     21.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53286     28.45%     50.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69997     37.38%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10389      5.55%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6012      3.21%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2798      1.49%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1512      0.81%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1003      0.54%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1911      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       187281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.908608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.640130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48412     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.674811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.079829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.471299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38579     79.68%     79.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2776      5.73%     85.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4339      8.96%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2724      5.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58842949226                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            66022811726                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   153666.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              172416.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  291442                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 227382                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217854.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121654587750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              713845440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              701991360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              389499000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              383031000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500673200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486095000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049604480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044601920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60096376800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59618953350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39583851000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40002643500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113381469840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113284936050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.041206                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.413683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20685312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20685312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159321380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159321380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134464740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134464740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293786120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293786120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382955                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323208                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382955                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24507968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20685312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20685312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    89118                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    12865                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153833643000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382955                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 95837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  20159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  29503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       186793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.941058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.216487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.662981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39670     21.24%     21.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52516     28.11%     49.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70928     37.97%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10513      5.63%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5947      3.18%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2789      1.49%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1498      0.80%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1006      0.54%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1926      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       186793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.896239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.692058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48490     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.664632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.075122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.454276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38608     79.61%     79.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3008      6.20%     85.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4153      8.56%     94.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2727      5.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 58001122126                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            65181190876                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   151463.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              170213.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291431                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 227915                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217844.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138922250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121557794750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              711917640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              700229880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              388447125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              382069875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500915000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485978000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049585040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044770400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59673152655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59209103115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955056750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40362117750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113326694130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113231888940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.685481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.069195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20682816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20682816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159191994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159191994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134448515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134448515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293640509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293640509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323169                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20682560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20682816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    83838                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12546                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153833347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323169                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 90736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  28736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       185762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.163273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.962868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.075453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38157     20.54%     20.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53026     28.55%     49.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71142     38.30%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10518      5.66%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5824      3.14%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2686      1.45%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1452      0.78%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1011      0.54%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1946      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       185762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.882878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.052574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48533     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.657842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.071985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.444035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38654     79.63%     79.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3018      6.22%     85.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4052      8.35%     94.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2815      5.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 57497649919                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            64672037419                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   150268.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              169018.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  291213                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 228818                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217951.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122471232750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              707343840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              696994200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              385951500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              380304375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499206800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485268200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049416560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044660240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59851498815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59303268540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798606000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40279509750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113339643435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113237625225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.769712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.106538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547000                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 45.942907                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.415772                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                84.569560                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12738916     94.03%     94.03% |      346242      2.56%     96.59% |      211500      1.56%     98.15% |      126674      0.94%     99.09% |       68283      0.50%     99.59% |       35918      0.27%     99.86% |       13504      0.10%     99.96% |        5320      0.04%    100.00% |         642      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547000                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43684440                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.119437                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.649921                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.198095                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41567294     95.15%     95.15% |     1405410      3.22%     98.37% |       23636      0.05%     98.42% |       27878      0.06%     98.49% |       52692      0.12%     98.61% |      113945      0.26%     98.87% |      177815      0.41%     99.28% |      206244      0.47%     99.75% |      109526      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43684440                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43684438                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.276479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.740623                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            181.881268                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43297658     99.11%     99.11% |      298649      0.68%     99.80% |       74749      0.17%     99.97% |       11768      0.03%    100.00% |        1448      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43684438                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41513035                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000148                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000126                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.012829                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41507152     99.99%     99.99% |        5680      0.01%    100.00% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41513035                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171403                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        511.511146                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       253.827856                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       647.913423                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1784623     82.19%     82.19% |      298649     13.75%     95.94% |       74749      3.44%     99.38% |       11768      0.54%     99.93% |        1448      0.07%     99.99% |         161      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171403                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         161645                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       161645                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          791                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          576                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          498                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          460                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26918044                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28230116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14590060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14717109                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       483568                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46074                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       190482                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130449                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78021                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        32454                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32101                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32391                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        32094                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          606                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91545                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        32388                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        32134                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        32802                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        32575                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60432                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64310                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62302                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16977                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66185                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62843                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21797279                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21797279                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22075033                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21797279                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8920861                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8908723                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21797278                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070847                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9669093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9669093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9930373                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9669093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4353127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4341789                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9669093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7244405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7244405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7543070                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7244405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2721828                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2710989                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7244405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023546                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6105270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6105270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6381395                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6105270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2351532                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2342942                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6105270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019844                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8422598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8422598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8755945                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8422598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3596576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3576118                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8422598                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8721573                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8721573                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9043921                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8721573                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3636555                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3627493                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8721573                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028347                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9245180                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9245180                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9593968                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9245180                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3335759                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3326412                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9245180                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030049                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6282164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6282164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6603575                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6282164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2388991                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2380872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6282164                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020419                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4229932                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4229932                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4390412                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4229932                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1667272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1660884                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4229932                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013748                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5560360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5560360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5800471                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5560360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2356364                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2346664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5560360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018073                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3981604                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463427                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461111                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012626                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3445882                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3445882                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3472538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3445882                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1279725                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1279318                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3445882                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4806480                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967537                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1966904                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015496                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3642714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3642714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3672971                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3642714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371696                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371250                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3642714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011840                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104001                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104001                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2129761                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104001                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768971                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768601                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104001                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006839                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3209113                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3209113                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3260912                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3209113                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165985                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3209113                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010430                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4327372                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4327372                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4378045                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4327372                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1519776                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518840                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4327372                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014065                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3359374                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3359374                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3414834                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3359374                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205623                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204582                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3359374                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010919                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3432701                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3432701                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3513879                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3432701                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254312                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252709                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3432701                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011157                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959225                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959225                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1982257                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959225                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724219                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723809                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959225                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1798496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1798496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1803550                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1798496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720810                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1798496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005846                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438646                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034698                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034212                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007900                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2108997                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2108997                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2116829                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2108997                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845035                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2108997                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006855                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499452                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499452                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1763915                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675147                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675097                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1759017                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005717                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408334                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408334                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408334                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014153                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013774                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408334                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007828                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067674                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067674                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2075403                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067674                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819268                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819178                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067674                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006720                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331732                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331732                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331732                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331732                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506392                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506392                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331732                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7859335                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7859335                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8308888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7859335                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2933219                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2926763                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7859334                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025545                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7877861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7877861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8175022                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7877861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2896078                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2889929                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7877861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025605                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7879944                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7879944                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8294307                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7879944                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2898520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891212                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7879944                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025612                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8216021                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8216021                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8582563                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8216021                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3031122                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3023513                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8216021                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026704                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12945001     29.55%     29.55% |    28798622     65.74%     95.30% |     2060253      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43803876                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12945002     29.55%     29.55% |    28798623     65.74%     95.30% |     2060253      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43803878                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   492939453                       |   692638207                       |    45975384                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   624780204                       |   117253229                       |     2060254                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.079522                       |   24.051089                       |   22.315407                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   48.264207                       |    4.071487                       |    1.000000                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.115161                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    16.986937                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         45.102099                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002240                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052744      7.65%      7.65% |    0.052723      7.64%     15.29% |    0.051317      7.44%     22.73% |    0.051198      7.42%     30.15% |    0.112173     16.26%     46.41% |    0.112125     16.25%     62.66% |    0.112087     16.25%     78.90% |    0.112056     16.24%     95.15% |    0.008370      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008373      1.21%     97.57% |    0.008372      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008371      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.689909                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017110                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027814                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004521                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002028                       |    0.002022                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002007                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001958                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002074                       |    0.002063                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002048                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002078                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002099                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002227                       |    0.007694                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007456                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000394                       |    0.000920                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000060                       |    0.000063                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002142                       |    0.001421                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002153                       |    0.000060                       |    0.002554                       |    0.005331                       |    0.001867                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006835                       |           0                       |    0.005304                       |    0.008417                       |    0.002711                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000065                       |    0.005674                       |    0.004445                       |    0.009436                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002126                       |    0.000069                       |    0.007901                       |    0.004970                       |    0.002993                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |    0.006608                       |           0                       |    0.008185                       |    0.005036                       |    0.003533                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004141                       |    0.002519                       |    0.002354                       |           0                       |    0.002216                       |           0                       |    0.002078                       |    0.001423                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002384                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000063                       |    0.002450                       |    0.004104                       |    0.005309                       |    0.002222                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002121                       |    0.000065                       |    0.004705                       |    0.008236                       |    0.007164                       |    0.003300                       |    0.027696                       |    0.003980                       |    0.000394                       |    0.003381                       |    0.013594                       |    0.017743                       |    0.004059                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000920                       |    0.003369                       |    0.006703                       |    0.014129                       |    0.004059                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000069                       |    0.006915                       |    0.005461                       |    0.007892                       |    0.004115                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002022                       |    0.004101                       |    0.004079                       |    0.003175                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001120                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002359                       |           0                       |    0.002258                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002184                       |           0                       |    0.002000                       |    0.002334                       |    0.003990                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006608                       |           0                       |    0.001931                       |    0.005302                       |    0.007238                       |    0.002121                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002079                       |    0.000065                       |    0.014815                       |    0.005669                       |    0.003466                       |    0.002170                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000069                       |    0.002171                       |    0.007878                       |    0.004273                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006606                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |    0.008223                       |    0.004594                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.004071                       |    0.002296                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000220                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |           0                       |    0.002121                       |           0                       |    0.002917                       |    0.000668                       |    0.004724                       |           0                       |    0.002170                       |           0                       |    0.007096                       |    0.002484                       |    0.002315                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005123                       |    0.002748                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004561                       |    0.004409                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004167                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002099                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.689909                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14475327                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14475327                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11823281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11168527                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.462163                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          574130                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29677                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14685601                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95038                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22458722                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188696                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14780639                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22647418                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37144323                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283734                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37428057                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14724292                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14734388                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14724292                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14734388                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300842285                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47171423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76152672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14475327                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11742657                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247635061                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373632                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       348388                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14723687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341372                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296646110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265915727     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5810853      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1713448      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354646      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4956752      1.67%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5252075      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1190925      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614919      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9836765      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296646110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28186507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243869042                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17708220                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6121522                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141523399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30910867                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151374582                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16931272                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20804722                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75863848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138221662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2755282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150512527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311701369                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187282586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132830258                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41547033                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7867886                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23018773                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1026519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       790403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135397856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       575720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139552959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048259                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141899                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296646110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239669341     80.79%     80.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22458119      7.57%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13694089      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8650128      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3420307      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3978426      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730213      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562254      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483233      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296646110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123981      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954468     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324152     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101235958     72.54%     72.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14902554     10.68%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22793539     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139552959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463874                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402601                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010051                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577449029                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148583704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130386819                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140450698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1519461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2780                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10065                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075154                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8249044                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5522810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142719487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135973576                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7867886                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23018773                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       566627                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100587                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10065                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776073                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138252264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14674592                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37172402                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12120712                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22497810                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459551                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130528014                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130386839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78023613                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112244866                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       433821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294419152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245309994     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19187230      6.52%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10981010      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10788322      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2237245      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       503747      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390338      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523629      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2497637      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294419152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64586125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122970458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28470177                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6526566                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11414842                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122395887                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       492056                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94169059     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6526566      5.31%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21943611     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122970458                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2497637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427613902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           274040568                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4196175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64586125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122970458                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.658002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.658002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190749906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95172474                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60453611                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45333379                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61939236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2403789500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2403789500.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248163                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        69.929007                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.817199                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      119.693498                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5440093     87.07%     87.07% |      346228      5.54%     92.61% |      211500      3.38%     95.99% |      126674      2.03%     98.02% |       68283      1.09%     99.11% |       35918      0.57%     99.69% |       13504      0.22%     99.90% |        5320      0.09%     99.99% |         642      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248163                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280106                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.418079                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.314464                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.809577                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1149694     15.79%     15.79% |     3996188     54.89%     70.68% |     2031474     27.90%     98.59% |       97825      1.34%     99.93% |        4252      0.06%     99.99% |         504      0.01%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280106                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18731                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.124713                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.814029                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.114706                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         653      3.49%      3.49% |        2283     12.19%     15.67% |        8550     45.65%     61.32% |        4397     23.47%     84.80% |        2828     15.10%     99.89% |          16      0.09%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18731                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6162596                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           48.917149                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.119632                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         267.000510                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6043324     98.06%     98.06% |       89492      1.45%     99.52% |       25006      0.41%     99.92% |        4157      0.07%     99.99% |         541      0.01%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6162596                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5714627                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000638                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025348                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5710988     99.94%     99.94% |        3633      0.06%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5714627                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447969                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     634.662434                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    234.919676                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    781.483673                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      328697     73.37%     73.37% |       89492     19.98%     93.35% |       25006      5.58%     98.93% |        4157      0.93%     99.86% |         541      0.12%     99.98% |          75      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447969                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22478350                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           38.909516                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.128192                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         209.803621                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22210936     98.81%     98.81% |      209092      0.93%     99.74% |       49718      0.22%     99.96% |        7608      0.03%    100.00% |         907      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22478350                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20910104                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000115                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000096                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.012091                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20907962     99.99%     99.99% |        1945      0.01%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20910104                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568246                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     517.705126                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    291.141021                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    620.068129                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1300832     82.95%     82.95% |      209092     13.33%     96.28% |       49718      3.17%     99.45% |        7608      0.49%     99.94% |         907      0.06%     99.99% |          85      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568246                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14717107                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.752912                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.959414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14717014    100.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14717107                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14590060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14590058    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14590060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.217258                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.529831                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    79.826357                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126954     99.93%     99.93% |          64      0.05%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127047                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.076603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019535                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.231725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323515     99.52%     99.52% |        1444      0.44%     99.96% |         102      0.03%     99.99% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296866     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.951908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.276879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.701808                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26549     94.44%     94.44% |        1444      5.14%     99.57% |         102      0.36%     99.94% |          17      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13408                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1676251                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       107741                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    45273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    37469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    45387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    37460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    45383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    37426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    45591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    37423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    45412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    37444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   45441                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   37516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   45194                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   37349                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   45255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   37394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   5447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   4035                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   4044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   5337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   4078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   4081                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   5308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   4060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  5279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  3988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  5526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  4155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  4110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    29930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    25071                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    29481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    24718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    29987                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    24894                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    29606                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    24680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    29892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    25054                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   29591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   24677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   30484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   25478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   30166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   25273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1096985                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139970550576448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139970550734874                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  818460                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1056597                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31732810                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               374435388                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               374258362                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               374459840                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               374285288                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              374450092                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              374262737                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              374603630                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              374376788                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              374537567                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              374345951                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                12748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 9435                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                12807                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 9427                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                12747                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 9434                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12847                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 9399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                12798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 9395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               12789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                9389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                9443                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               12808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                9413                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1876                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1093                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1817                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1101                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1877                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1094                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1777                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1826                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1835                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1842                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1085                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               32525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               28034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               32580                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               28033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               32636                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               27992                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               32744                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               28024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               32614                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               28049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              32652                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              28127                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              32412                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              27906                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32447                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              27981                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              3571                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              2942                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              3516                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2943                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              3460                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              2984                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              3352                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              2952                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              3482                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              2927                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             3444                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             2849                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             3684                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             3070                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             3649                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             2995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2499122                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2073902                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2485357                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2056966                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2508515                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2139359                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2480171                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2107539                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2452461                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2070651                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2470045                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2105434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2552729                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2101776                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2520722                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2133741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1563449                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1147378                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1456914                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1139089                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1541570                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1208270                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1618957                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1119337                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1351561                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1099908                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1467572                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1202642                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1620697                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1101278                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1459982                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1184832                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             597988                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             519836                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             597407                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             521317                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             597320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             522400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             596435                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             523583                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             595072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             521922                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            596434                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            523420                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            597740                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            521371                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            596462                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            522846                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2897421                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2653788                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2842947                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2614232                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2935168                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2667897                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2779927                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2723873                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3032817                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2715703                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2968666                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2683347                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2908487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2785794                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2998661                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2820930                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1563449                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1147378                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1456914                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1139089                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1541570                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1208270                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1618957                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1119337                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1351561                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1099908                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1467572                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1202642                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1620697                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1101278                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1459982                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1184832                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        593930                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        516708                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594565                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        515360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594079                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        515668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        593813                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        515306                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        595031                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        515856                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594063                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       514862                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       593921                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       516080                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       515253                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1892821                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1606776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1860916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1580330                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1889986                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1663626                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1844210                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1628330                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1868959                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1617680                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1866814                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1627281                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1902172                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1644906                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1908551                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1666213                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2474935                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2052995                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2445871                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2028123                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2489086                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2109888                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2432850                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2078955                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2443163                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2037757                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2442298                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2079107                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2510915                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2092848                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2491936                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2116583                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305520363                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305520359                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305520365                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305520361                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305520370                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305520366                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305520382                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305520378                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2490218                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2068063                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2472791                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2046315                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2496220                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2120061                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2467886                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2091374                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2431699                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2055841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2450805                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2086641                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2534004                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2091644                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2506356                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2123560                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              737                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              7087                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              7492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              7028                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6442                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              7340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6692                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              7084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             7399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             6704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             6503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             5846                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             6791                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2155                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3053                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2098                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2042                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          358215                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          232536                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          321955                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          198846                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          320368                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          223104                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          321484                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          217495                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          317737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          213713                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         323419                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         207843                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         404762                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         261973                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         359441                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         240252                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394802     25.58%     25.58% |      382949     24.81%     50.39% |      382955     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543350                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328881     25.68%     25.68% |      317344     24.77%     50.45% |      317367     24.78%     75.23% |      317326     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1280918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394828     25.58%     25.58% |      382949     24.81%     50.39% |      382955     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334712     25.66%     25.66% |      323182     24.78%     50.44% |      323208     24.78%     75.22% |      323169     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304271                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57729     25.14%     25.14% |       57413     25.00%     50.13% |       57396     24.99%     75.13% |       57126     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394802     25.58%     25.58% |      382949     24.81%     50.39% |      382955     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543350                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328625     25.67%     25.67% |      317150     24.78%     50.45% |      317176     24.78%     75.23% |      317137     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280088                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57729     25.14%     25.14% |       57413     25.00%     50.13% |       57396     24.99%     75.13% |       57126     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394801     25.58%     25.58% |      382949     24.81%     50.39% |      382955     24.81%     75.21% |      382644     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543349                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328625     25.67%     25.67% |      317150     24.78%     50.45% |      317176     24.78%     75.23% |      317137     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280088                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5963692     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       25088      0.41%     97.15% |       25088      0.41%     97.56% |       25088      0.41%     97.97% |       25088      0.41%     98.37% |       25088      0.41%     98.78% |       25088      0.41%     99.19% |       25088      0.41%     99.59% |       25088      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6164410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14717157    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14717157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22268607     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       67067      0.29%     97.94% |       67066      0.29%     98.24% |       67061      0.29%     98.53% |       67063      0.29%     98.82% |       67064      0.29%     99.12% |       67063      0.29%     99.41% |       67063      0.29%     99.71% |       67063      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22805117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18634     99.72%     99.72% |          14      0.07%     99.80% |           2      0.01%     99.81% |           3      0.02%     99.82% |           6      0.03%     99.86% |           2      0.01%     99.87% |           8      0.04%     99.91% |           6      0.03%     99.94% |          10      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433945     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       91023      4.21%     70.53% |       91023      4.21%     74.74% |       91038      4.21%     78.95% |       91028      4.21%     83.16% |       91069      4.21%     87.37% |       91027      4.21%     91.58% |       91010      4.21%     95.79% |       91044      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.00%      8.00% |           2      8.00%     16.00% |           2      8.00%     24.00% |           0      0.00%     24.00% |          13     52.00%     76.00% |           4     16.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           8     40.00%     65.00% |           6     30.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247355     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24721      5.55%     61.13% |       24720      5.55%     66.68% |       24719      5.55%     72.23% |       24716      5.55%     77.79% |       24730      5.56%     83.34% |       24717      5.55%     88.90% |       24705      5.55%     94.45% |       24720      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           6     30.00%     45.00% |           2     10.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           9     45.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191748     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       66809      3.87%     72.91% |       66808      3.87%     76.78% |       66815      3.87%     80.65% |       66812      3.87%     84.52% |       66815      3.87%     88.39% |       66815      3.87%     92.26% |       66806      3.87%     96.13% |       66824      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307124     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       91014      4.47%     68.70% |       91012      4.47%     73.17% |       91020      4.47%     77.64% |       91016      4.47%     82.11% |       91013      4.47%     86.58% |       91011      4.47%     91.06% |       90997      4.47%     95.53% |       91030      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249980     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24721      5.52%     61.35% |       24722      5.52%     66.87% |       24725      5.52%     72.40% |       24718      5.52%     77.92% |       24730      5.52%     83.44% |       24717      5.52%     88.96% |       24715      5.52%     94.48% |       24720      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66809      4.19%     70.70% |       66807      4.19%     74.89% |       66815      4.19%     79.07% |       66812      4.19%     83.26% |       66815      4.19%     87.44% |       66815      4.19%     91.63% |       66805      4.18%     95.81% |       66824      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.66%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           2      0.02%     99.68% |           3      0.03%     99.71% |           6      0.05%     99.76% |           2      0.02%     99.78% |           8      0.07%     99.85% |           6      0.05%     99.90% |          10      0.09%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         207    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4507    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          44    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1827     98.70%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           2      0.11%     98.81% |           2      0.11%     98.92% |           2      0.11%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |          12      0.65%     99.68% |           4      0.22%     99.89% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14590060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14590060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5442     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.00%     99.97% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578937     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         367      0.01%     99.90% |         366      0.01%     99.91% |         363      0.01%     99.93% |         370      0.01%     99.94% |         358      0.01%     99.96% |         371      0.01%     99.97% |         373      0.01%     99.99% |         368      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2581873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59003    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1853     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186422     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       24701      6.43%     54.97% |       24719      6.44%     61.41% |       24701      6.43%     67.84% |       24698      6.43%     74.27% |       24704      6.43%     80.70% |       24712      6.43%     87.14% |       24705      6.43%     93.57% |       24701      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           1      5.88%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           8     47.06%     64.71% |           5     29.41%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2980436    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2980436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21147350     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         255      0.00%     99.99% |         255      0.00%     99.99% |         245      0.00%     99.99% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |         237      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21149345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.87%     67.87% |           0      0.00%     67.87% |       66313      4.02%     71.89% |       66293      4.01%     75.90% |       66319      4.02%     79.92% |       66318      4.02%     83.94% |       66309      4.02%     87.95% |       66299      4.02%     91.97% |       66292      4.01%     95.98% |       66329      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      8.33%      8.33% |           2      8.33%     16.67% |           2      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          12     50.00%     75.00% |           4     16.67%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     97.58%     97.58% |           0      0.00%     97.58% |           2      0.32%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           1      0.16%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           9      1.45%     99.52% |           2      0.32%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247355     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24721      5.55%     61.13% |       24720      5.55%     66.68% |       24719      5.55%     72.23% |       24716      5.55%     77.79% |       24730      5.56%     83.34% |       24717      5.55%     88.90% |       24705      5.55%     94.45% |       24720      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           6     30.00%     45.00% |           2     10.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           9     45.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129879    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     15.12%     15.12% |           0      0.00%     15.12% |           3      3.49%     18.60% |           6      6.98%     25.58% |           9     10.47%     36.05% |          10     11.63%     47.67% |          27     31.40%     79.07% |           5      5.81%     84.88% |           2      2.33%     87.21% |          11     12.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061869     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66809      4.19%     70.70% |       66807      4.18%     74.89% |       66815      4.19%     79.07% |       66812      4.19%     83.26% |       66815      4.19%     87.44% |       66815      4.19%     91.63% |       66805      4.18%     95.81% |       66824      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     96.60%     96.60% |           0      0.00%     96.60% |           3      0.79%     97.38% |           4      1.05%     98.43% |           1      0.26%     98.69% |           1      0.26%     98.95% |           1      0.26%     99.21% |           1      0.26%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           2      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307124     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       91014      4.47%     68.70% |       91012      4.47%     73.17% |       91020      4.47%     77.64% |       91016      4.47%     82.11% |       91012      4.47%     86.58% |       91010      4.47%     91.06% |       90997      4.47%     95.53% |       91030      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3740      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.47% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3398      2.67%     23.38% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3926      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3433      2.70%     61.66% |        3174      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.05% |        4095      3.22%     88.28% |        5244      4.13%     92.40% |        5170      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127092                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108428     24.20%     24.20% |       13869      3.10%     27.30% |       11533      2.57%     29.87% |       12320      2.75%     32.62% |       11487      2.56%     35.19% |       10970      2.45%     37.64% |        9720      2.17%     39.81% |        9718      2.17%     41.98% |       11685      2.61%     44.58% |       10323      2.30%     46.89% |       13056      2.91%     49.80% |       12102      2.70%     52.50% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9916      2.21%     56.98% |        9379      2.09%     59.08% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10940      2.44%     63.69% |       10105      2.26%     65.94% |       10359      2.31%     68.25% |       10697      2.39%     70.64% |       10619      2.37%     73.01% |       11064      2.47%     75.48% |       12405      2.77%     78.25% |        9957      2.22%     80.47% |       10149      2.27%     82.74% |       10756      2.40%     85.14% |        9976      2.23%     87.37% |        9720      2.17%     89.54% |       11138      2.49%     92.02% |       10191      2.27%     94.30% |       11929      2.66%     96.96% |       13619      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66540      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.29% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46348      2.90%     16.08% |       46457      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47493      2.98%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48227      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.45% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50970      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172979      8.50%      8.50% |       64062      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.52% |       58273      2.86%     17.39% |       57597      2.83%     20.22% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54816      2.69%     25.68% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58960      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60438      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58978      2.90%     54.04% |       58328      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.01% |       60922      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61231      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69841      3.43%     96.66% |       68025      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51110      3.99%      3.99% |       39624      3.10%      7.09% |       39647      3.10%     10.19% |       39638      3.10%     13.28% |       39614      3.09%     16.38% |       39624      3.10%     19.47% |       39628      3.10%     22.57% |       39634      3.10%     25.67% |       39643      3.10%     28.76% |       39644      3.10%     31.86% |       39645      3.10%     34.96% |       39653      3.10%     38.06% |       39625      3.10%     41.15% |       39636      3.10%     44.25% |       39638      3.10%     47.34% |       39624      3.10%     50.44% |       39666      3.10%     53.54% |       39650      3.10%     56.64% |       39656      3.10%     59.73% |       39651      3.10%     62.83% |       39633      3.10%     65.93% |       39661      3.10%     69.03% |       39655      3.10%     72.13% |       39648      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39652      3.10%     81.42% |       39649      3.10%     84.52% |       39638      3.10%     87.61% |       39646      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39640      3.10%     96.90% |       39634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1279991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7405      3.22%      3.22% |        7204      3.14%      6.36% |        7193      3.13%      9.49% |        7158      3.12%     12.60% |        7205      3.14%     15.74% |        7141      3.11%     18.85% |        7165      3.12%     21.97% |        7176      3.12%     25.09% |        7236      3.15%     28.24% |        7170      3.12%     31.36% |        7233      3.15%     34.51% |        7213      3.14%     37.65% |        7277      3.17%     40.81% |        7209      3.14%     43.95% |        7229      3.15%     47.10% |        7140      3.11%     50.21% |        7168      3.12%     53.33% |        7194      3.13%     56.46% |        7212      3.14%     59.60% |        7139      3.11%     62.70% |        7142      3.11%     65.81% |        7132      3.10%     68.92% |        7108      3.09%     72.01% |        7098      3.09%     75.10% |        7194      3.13%     78.23% |        7240      3.15%     81.38% |        7166      3.12%     84.50% |        7090      3.09%     87.59% |        7136      3.11%     90.69% |        7151      3.11%     93.80% |        7108      3.09%     96.90% |        7129      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229761                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59631      3.86%      3.86% |       47878      3.10%      6.97% |       47888      3.10%     10.07% |       47844      3.10%     13.17% |       47865      3.10%     16.27% |       47812      3.10%     19.37% |       47841      3.10%     22.47% |       47858      3.10%     25.57% |       47927      3.11%     28.67% |       47862      3.10%     31.78% |       47925      3.11%     34.88% |       47913      3.10%     37.99% |       47950      3.11%     41.09% |       47892      3.10%     44.20% |       47914      3.10%     47.30% |       47811      3.10%     50.40% |       47881      3.10%     53.50% |       47892      3.10%     56.60% |       47915      3.10%     59.71% |       47838      3.10%     62.81% |       47823      3.10%     65.91% |       47842      3.10%     69.01% |       47811      3.10%     72.10% |       47793      3.10%     75.20% |       47895      3.10%     78.30% |       47941      3.11%     81.41% |       47864      3.10%     84.51% |       47775      3.10%     87.61% |       47829      3.10%     90.71% |       47830      3.10%     93.81% |       47797      3.10%     96.90% |       47812      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543349                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58607      3.88%      3.88% |       46854      3.10%      6.98% |       46864      3.10%     10.08% |       46820      3.10%     13.18% |       46841      3.10%     16.28% |       46788      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46834      3.10%     25.58% |       46903      3.10%     28.69% |       46838      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46889      3.10%     38.00% |       46926      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46890      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46891      3.10%     59.71% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46818      3.10%     69.01% |       46787      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46840      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46806      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46788      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510581                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          55     31.07%     31.07% |           0      0.00%     31.07% |           6      3.39%     34.46% |           4      2.26%     36.72% |          23     12.99%     49.72% |          23     12.99%     62.71% |           2      1.13%     63.84% |           4      2.26%     66.10% |           3      1.69%     67.80% |           1      0.56%     68.36% |           3      1.69%     70.06% |           3      1.69%     71.75% |           2      1.13%     72.88% |           0      0.00%     72.88% |           0      0.00%     72.88% |           0      0.00%     72.88% |           1      0.56%     73.45% |           1      0.56%     74.01% |           6      3.39%     77.40% |           3      1.69%     79.10% |           1      0.56%     79.66% |           3      1.69%     81.36% |           3      1.69%     83.05% |           3      1.69%     84.75% |           3      1.69%     86.44% |           3      1.69%     88.14% |           3      1.69%     89.83% |           4      2.26%     92.09% |           4      2.26%     94.35% |           4      2.26%     96.61% |           5      2.82%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         637      3.45%      3.45% |         547      2.96%      6.40% |         527      2.85%      9.25% |         522      2.82%     12.08% |         565      3.06%     15.13% |         527      2.85%     17.98% |         565      3.06%     21.04% |         588      3.18%     24.22% |         623      3.37%     27.59% |         543      2.94%     30.52% |         609      3.29%     33.82% |         624      3.37%     37.19% |         676      3.66%     40.85% |         619      3.35%     44.20% |         636      3.44%     47.64% |         577      3.12%     50.76% |         587      3.17%     53.93% |         623      3.37%     57.30% |         615      3.33%     60.63% |         558      3.02%     63.65% |         556      3.01%     66.65% |         571      3.09%     69.74% |         537      2.90%     72.64% |         524      2.83%     75.48% |         602      3.26%     78.73% |         645      3.49%     82.22% |         587      3.17%     85.40% |         530      2.87%     88.26% |         541      2.93%     91.19% |         560      3.03%     94.22% |         542      2.93%     97.15% |         527      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18490                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173285      8.49%      8.49% |       64268      3.15%     11.64% |       58761      2.88%     14.51% |       58467      2.86%     17.38% |       57806      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55009      2.69%     25.67% |       55301      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.28% |       57719      2.83%     34.11% |       60646      2.97%     37.08% |       60210      2.95%     40.03% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56450      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59165      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59894      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63097      3.09%     68.90% |       64327      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61109      2.99%     78.01% |       62471      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61417      3.01%     87.06% |       64095      3.14%     90.20% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70030      3.43%     96.66% |       68218      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.68% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.81%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.43%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         510      3.07%     63.44% |         503      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         488      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16612                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18678      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7083      3.01%     13.93% |        7032      2.98%     16.92% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6988      2.96%     22.85% |        6998      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.79% |        7031      2.98%     31.77% |        7031      2.98%     34.75% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.97%     40.72% |        6993      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.50% |        7004      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.35% |        6992      2.97%     73.32% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7002      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6983      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6983      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7016      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40411      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40358      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         561      3.38%      3.38% |         469      2.82%      6.20% |         464      2.79%      8.99% |         465      2.80%     11.79% |         510      3.07%     14.86% |         467      2.81%     17.68% |         506      3.05%     20.72% |         529      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.29%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.11% |         534      3.21%     33.32% |         566      3.41%     36.73% |         618      3.72%     40.45% |         561      3.38%     43.83% |         577      3.47%     47.30% |         521      3.14%     50.44% |         530      3.19%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.05% |         563      3.39%     60.44% |         506      3.05%     63.48% |         502      3.02%     66.50% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         485      2.92%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16611                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88068     42.05%     42.05% |        6768      3.23%     45.28% |        4444      2.12%     47.41% |        5263      2.51%     49.92% |        4474      2.14%     52.06% |        3064      1.46%     53.52% |        2708      1.29%     54.81% |        2717      1.30%     56.11% |        4647      2.22%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5977      2.85%     62.75% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3148      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.39%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2748      1.31%     70.53% |        3941      1.88%     72.41% |        3127      1.49%     73.91% |        3303      1.58%     75.48% |        3714      1.77%     77.26% |        3639      1.74%     78.99% |        4078      1.95%     80.94% |        5403      2.58%     83.52% |        2970      1.42%     84.94% |        3137      1.50%     86.44% |        3747      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2755      1.32%     90.97% |        4131      1.97%     92.94% |        3207      1.53%     94.48% |        4969      2.37%     96.85% |        6601      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26100      8.55%      8.55% |       10086      3.30%     11.85% |        6891      2.26%     14.11% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.97% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7144      2.34%     25.66% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.13% |        6749      2.21%     39.34% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7875      2.58%     44.15% |        8063      2.64%     46.79% |        9229      3.02%     49.82% |        9835      3.22%     53.04% |        9948      3.26%     56.30% |       11697      3.83%     60.13% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10622      3.48%     70.77% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.13%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51108      3.99%      3.99% |       39618      3.10%      7.09% |       39641      3.10%     10.19% |       39633      3.10%     13.28% |       39613      3.09%     16.38% |       39619      3.10%     19.47% |       39626      3.10%     22.57% |       39630      3.10%     25.66% |       39641      3.10%     28.76% |       39642      3.10%     31.86% |       39641      3.10%     34.96% |       39652      3.10%     38.05% |       39624      3.10%     41.15% |       39635      3.10%     44.25% |       39636      3.10%     47.34% |       39623      3.10%     50.44% |       39665      3.10%     53.54% |       39649      3.10%     56.64% |       39653      3.10%     59.73% |       39651      3.10%     62.83% |       39633      3.10%     65.93% |       39659      3.10%     69.03% |       39653      3.10%     72.13% |       39646      3.10%     75.22% |       39652      3.10%     78.32% |       39651      3.10%     81.42% |       39646      3.10%     84.52% |       39636      3.10%     87.61% |       39643      3.10%     90.71% |       39629      3.10%     93.81% |       39638      3.10%     96.90% |       39632      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6769      3.20%      3.20% |        6663      3.15%      6.36% |        6666      3.16%      9.52% |        6637      3.14%     12.66% |        6618      3.13%     15.79% |        6597      3.12%     18.91% |        6600      3.12%     22.04% |        6588      3.12%     25.16% |        6612      3.13%     28.29% |        6628      3.14%     31.43% |        6625      3.14%     34.56% |        6587      3.12%     37.68% |        6600      3.12%     40.81% |        6591      3.12%     43.93% |        6595      3.12%     47.05% |        6564      3.11%     50.16% |        6581      3.12%     53.27% |        6571      3.11%     56.38% |        6594      3.12%     59.50% |        6578      3.11%     62.62% |        6585      3.12%     65.74% |        6560      3.11%     68.84% |        6570      3.11%     71.95% |        6573      3.11%     75.06% |        6591      3.12%     78.18% |        6593      3.12%     81.31% |        6579      3.11%     84.42% |        6558      3.10%     87.53% |        6595      3.12%     90.65% |        6589      3.12%     93.77% |        6563      3.11%     96.87% |        6603      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211223                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172976      8.50%      8.50% |       64062      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.52% |       58273      2.86%     17.39% |       57597      2.83%     20.22% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54816      2.69%     25.68% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58960      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60438      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58978      2.90%     54.04% |       58328      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.01% |       60922      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61231      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69841      3.43%     96.66% |       68025      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          75      3.89%      3.89% |          72      3.74%      7.63% |          63      3.27%     10.90% |          56      2.91%     13.80% |          77      4.00%     17.80% |          77      4.00%     21.80% |          59      3.06%     24.86% |          59      3.06%     27.92% |          78      4.05%     31.97% |          58      3.01%     34.98% |          74      3.84%     38.82% |          60      3.11%     41.93% |          59      3.06%     44.99% |          57      2.96%     47.95% |          57      2.96%     50.91% |          55      2.85%     53.76% |          57      2.96%     56.72% |          55      2.85%     59.57% |          55      2.85%     62.43% |          55      2.85%     65.28% |          55      2.85%     68.14% |          53      2.75%     70.89% |          56      2.91%     73.79% |          56      2.91%     76.70% |          56      2.91%     79.61% |          56      2.91%     82.51% |          54      2.80%     85.31% |          55      2.85%     88.17% |          56      2.91%     91.07% |          54      2.80%     93.88% |          58      3.01%     96.89% |          60      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     20.93%     20.93% |           0      0.00%     20.93% |           0      0.00%     20.93% |           0      0.00%     20.93% |           9     20.93%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |          11     25.58%     67.44% |           9     20.93%     88.37% |           5     11.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           3     33.33%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15     93.75%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58607      3.88%      3.88% |       46854      3.10%      6.98% |       46864      3.10%     10.08% |       46820      3.10%     13.18% |       46841      3.10%     16.28% |       46788      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46834      3.10%     25.58% |       46903      3.10%     28.69% |       46838      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46889      3.10%     38.00% |       46926      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46890      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46891      3.10%     59.71% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46818      3.10%     69.01% |       46787      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46840      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46806      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46788      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510581                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           6     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.06%      2.06% |           0      0.00%      2.06% |           4      4.12%      6.19% |           3      3.09%      9.28% |          22     22.68%     31.96% |          21     21.65%     53.61% |           1      1.03%     54.64% |           3      3.09%     57.73% |           3      3.09%     60.82% |           1      1.03%     61.86% |           2      2.06%     63.92% |           3      3.09%     67.01% |           2      2.06%     69.07% |           0      0.00%     69.07% |           0      0.00%     69.07% |           0      0.00%     69.07% |           1      1.03%     70.10% |           1      1.03%     71.13% |           5      5.15%     76.29% |           3      3.09%     79.38% |           1      1.03%     80.41% |           1      1.03%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           2      2.06%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.99%      3.99% |          72      3.93%      7.92% |          59      3.22%     11.15% |          53      2.90%     14.04% |          55      3.01%     17.05% |          56      3.06%     20.11% |          58      3.17%     23.28% |          56      3.06%     26.34% |          75      4.10%     30.44% |          57      3.11%     33.55% |          72      3.93%     37.49% |          57      3.11%     40.60% |          57      3.11%     43.72% |          57      3.11%     46.83% |          57      3.11%     49.95% |          55      3.01%     52.95% |          56      3.06%     56.01% |          54      2.95%     58.96% |          50      2.73%     61.69% |          52      2.84%     64.54% |          54      2.95%     67.49% |          52      2.84%     70.33% |          54      2.95%     73.28% |          54      2.95%     76.23% |          54      2.95%     79.18% |          54      2.95%     82.13% |          53      2.90%     85.03% |          53      2.90%     87.92% |          55      3.01%     90.93% |          52      2.84%     93.77% |          55      3.01%     96.78% |          59      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1830                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         561      3.38%      3.38% |         469      2.82%      6.20% |         464      2.79%      8.99% |         465      2.80%     11.79% |         510      3.07%     14.86% |         467      2.81%     17.68% |         506      3.05%     20.72% |         529      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.29%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.11% |         534      3.21%     33.32% |         566      3.41%     36.73% |         618      3.72%     40.45% |         561      3.38%     43.83% |         577      3.47%     47.30% |         521      3.14%     50.44% |         530      3.19%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.05% |         563      3.39%     60.44% |         506      3.05%     63.48% |         502      3.02%     66.50% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         485      2.92%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16611                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18677      7.92%      7.92% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7083      3.01%     13.93% |        7032      2.98%     16.92% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6988      2.96%     22.85% |        6998      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.79% |        7031      2.98%     31.77% |        7031      2.98%     34.75% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.97%     40.72% |        6993      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.50% |        7004      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.35% |        6992      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7002      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6983      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6983      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7016      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         543      3.27%      3.27% |         470      2.83%      6.10% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         511      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.81%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.43%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         510      3.07%     63.44% |         503      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         488      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16612                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40411      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40358      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173281      8.49%      8.49% |       64262      3.15%     11.64% |       58759      2.88%     14.51% |       58461      2.86%     17.38% |       57805      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55301      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.28% |       57718      2.83%     34.11% |       60645      2.97%     37.08% |       60210      2.95%     40.03% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56447      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59165      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59885      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63097      3.09%     68.90% |       64327      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61108      2.99%     78.01% |       62469      3.06%     81.07% |       60796      2.98%     84.05% |       61416      3.01%     87.06% |       64095      3.14%     90.20% |       61915      3.03%     93.23% |       70029      3.43%     96.66% |       68218      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041457                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      121151     21.40%     21.40% |      283052     50.00%     71.40% |       20090      3.55%     74.95% |       21363      3.77%     78.72% |       20135      3.56%     82.28% |       21132      3.73%     86.01% |       20123      3.55%     89.57% |       21250      3.75%     93.32% |       18479      3.26%     96.59% |       19329      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       566104                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      121151     21.40%     21.40% |      283052     50.00%     71.40% |       20090      3.55%     74.95% |       21363      3.77%     78.72% |       20135      3.56%     82.28% |       21132      3.73%     86.01% |       20123      3.55%     89.57% |       21250      3.75%     93.32% |       18479      3.26%     96.59% |       19329      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       566104                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      121151     21.40%     21.40% |      283052     50.00%     71.40% |       20090      3.55%     74.95% |       21363      3.77%     78.72% |       20135      3.56%     82.28% |       21132      3.73%     86.01% |       20123      3.55%     89.57% |       21250      3.75%     93.32% |       18479      3.26%     96.59% |       19329      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       566104                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      121151     21.40%     21.40% |      283052     50.00%     71.40% |       20090      3.55%     74.95% |       21363      3.77%     78.72% |       20135      3.56%     82.28% |       21132      3.73%     86.01% |       20123      3.55%     89.57% |       21250      3.75%     93.32% |       18479      3.26%     96.59% |       19329      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       566104                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
