
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38685121500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214853200000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49355                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    87007                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              106118869                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3228132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   364.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    17992218                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      31718074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    121203393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            121203393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73985654                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73985654                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    195189047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           195189047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     5400                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2678                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38684609000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  43656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  6011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   7834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   7868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   7994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   1066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.868160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.854139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   233.695877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12703     39.19%     39.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7248     22.36%     61.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7899     24.37%     85.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1041      3.21%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          816      2.52%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          634      1.96%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          491      1.51%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          514      1.59%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1072      3.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.428038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.824810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7761     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.757080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.471591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.472421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7133     91.83%     91.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           188      2.42%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          142      1.83%     96.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          305      3.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5351483475                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             6724902225                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    73058.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               91808.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      121.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   121.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    327882.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1291680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    26961345750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126735840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118283760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69151500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64539750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281268000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146810880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142948800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14088872970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13732821045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10850749500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11163075750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28098780570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28029463185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.397971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.606007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117987273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117987273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70999493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70999493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188986766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188986766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71318                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71318                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2838                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2415                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38684357000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71318                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  42790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  3315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.088682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.593263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.280574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9379     32.73%     32.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6564     22.91%     55.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7923     27.65%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1192      4.16%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          918      3.20%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          633      2.21%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          570      1.99%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          521      1.82%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          953      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.521908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.048778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7478     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.732701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.457947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.418647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           6855     91.57%     91.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           220      2.94%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          131      1.75%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          280      3.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4565815833                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             5902709583                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    64035.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               82785.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       71.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    71.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55890                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29669                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    338641.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617879750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1291680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26772995750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112833000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103776120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61565625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56623875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282765600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273273000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141225120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        13958606880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13297786785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10965018000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11544684750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28048540305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27939534690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.099181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.281213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    118048485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            118048485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     71039198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            71039198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    189087683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           189087683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71355                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71355                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2747968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2950                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2378                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38684595500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71355                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  42864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  3447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   7734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   1023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.153723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.704171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.020448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9422     32.87%     32.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6509     22.71%     55.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7977     27.83%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1139      3.97%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          932      3.25%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          669      2.33%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          557      1.94%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          465      1.62%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          992      3.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.513340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.110448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7491     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.727988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.451943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.426735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           6880     91.78%     91.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           205      2.73%     94.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          132      1.76%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          279      3.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  4624079527                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             5961685777                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    64818.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               83568.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      118.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       71.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   118.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    71.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55869                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29742                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    338462.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10523143250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1291680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    26867748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              113097600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103572000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61710000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56512500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283140000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273234000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141199200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137032560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14006236365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13362701805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10923237750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11487741750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28055146995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27947320695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.269974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.482494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117578641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117578641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70921737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70921737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    188500377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           188500377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3209                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2569                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38684379000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  42622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  3713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   1001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   258.596772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.961049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.003192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9090     32.24%     32.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6447     22.87%     55.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7925     28.11%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1113      3.95%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          880      3.12%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          661      2.34%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          563      2.00%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          502      1.78%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1014      3.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.521034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.244525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7458     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.743535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.460779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.457277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           6835     91.59%     91.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           207      2.77%     94.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          134      1.80%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          287      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4637547579                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             5970016329                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    65257.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               84007.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55826                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  29904                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    339512.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542133250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1291680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26848550500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110973240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102165840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60550875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55745250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281463000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272734800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140868720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2526526080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13820932215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13220320365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11085785250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11612637750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28027099380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27927020085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.544899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.957691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3299831                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 27.318661                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.854550                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.265767                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3234872     98.03%     98.03% |       57999      1.76%     99.79% |        6604      0.20%     99.99% |         335      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3299831                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11862160                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.967728                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.707995                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.233570                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4879046     41.13%     41.13% |     6019310     50.74%     91.87% |      806589      6.80%     98.67% |       89426      0.75%     99.43% |       27741      0.23%     99.66% |       16394      0.14%     99.80% |       13373      0.11%     99.91% |        8416      0.07%     99.98% |        1448      0.01%    100.00% |         417      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11862160                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11862157                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.642027                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.653167                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             80.009378                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11816405     99.61%     99.61% |       28499      0.24%     99.85% |       10207      0.09%     99.94% |        4487      0.04%     99.98% |        1792      0.02%     99.99% |         601      0.01%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11862157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11240191                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000451                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000390                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021244                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11235119     99.95%     99.95% |        5071      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11240191                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621966                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        205.956959                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       128.139192                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       288.198172                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      576214     92.64%     92.64% |       28499      4.58%     97.23% |       10207      1.64%     98.87% |        4487      0.72%     99.59% |        1792      0.29%     99.88% |         601      0.10%     99.97% |         138      0.02%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621966                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          63574                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        63574                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          122                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           60                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           75                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7846582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8225410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3344429                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3465631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107894                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1410021                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43354                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles          726                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses         8112                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        11366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles          850                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles          773                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3078                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles          782                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3078                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles          780                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7021                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         9853                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles          710                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles          808                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7735                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles          815                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7854                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        11031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles          836                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7735                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles          819                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2914                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7276                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles          767                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses         8330                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        11704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles          888                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses         8109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        11367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles          871                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2930                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles          750                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7396                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10358                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles          794                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses         7854                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        11030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles          792                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52888                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14364                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12490                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7640                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          394                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5804350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5804350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5891191                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5804350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2502878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2500226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5804350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075020                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2057969                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2057969                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2095691                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2057969                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1084557                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1072013                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2057969                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.026599                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1436807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1436807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1463098                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1436807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541018                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       537291                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1436807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.018571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1120265                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1120265                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1146302                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1120265                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       449873                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       447729                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1120265                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.014479                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1610391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1610391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1631700                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1610391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       805842                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800679                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1610391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.020814                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1654104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1654104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1682755                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1654104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       835071                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       829496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1654104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021379                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2166042                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2166042                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2207792                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2166042                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       783407                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       778518                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2166042                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.027996                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1207890                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1207890                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1237584                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1207890                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       502330                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       498426                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1207890                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015612                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       711506                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       711506                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       723494                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       711506                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       313483                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       309050                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       711506                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.009196                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1054907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1054907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1071470                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1054907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       519110                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       513775                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1054907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.013635                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       829665                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       829665                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       847587                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       829665                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       362005                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       357149                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       829665                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.010723                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       743552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       743552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       756022                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       743552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       304219                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       299772                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       743552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.009610                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1110610                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1110610                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1127433                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1110610                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       532556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       528122                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1110610                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014354                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       821595                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       821595                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       840072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       821595                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       348187                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       342551                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       821595                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010619                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       508574                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       508574                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       518595                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       508574                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       224415                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       219510                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       508574                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006573                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       727161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       727161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       745086                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       727161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       323698                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       317897                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       727161                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009398                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1144136                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1144136                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1170995                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1144136                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       457434                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       452240                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1144136                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014788                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       808142                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       808142                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       825061                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       808142                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       345109                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       342966                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       808142                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010445                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       694102                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       694102                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       702342                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       694102                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       291517                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       291054                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       694102                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008971                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       452812                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       452812                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       456249                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       452812                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       187039                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       186848                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       452812                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005853                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       382828                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       382828                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       383704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       382828                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       186785                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       186760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       382828                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004948                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       515563                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       515563                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       516567                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       515563                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       256158                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       256083                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       515563                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006664                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       411536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       411536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       412682                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       411536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       190811                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       190732                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       411536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005319                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       271882                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       271882                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       272292                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       271882                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       117597                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       117590                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       271882                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003514                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       327222                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       327222                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       328075                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       327222                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       134851                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       134842                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       327222                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004229                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       466839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       466839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       467965                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       466839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       226697                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       226639                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       466839                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006034                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       390847                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       390847                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       392153                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       390847                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       175013                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       174931                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       390847                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.005052                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       271593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       271593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       271946                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       271593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       116199                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       116169                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       271593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003510                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1388340                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1388340                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1441620                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1388340                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       566874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       564856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1388340                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.017944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1408354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1408354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1455596                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1408354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       569786                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       567222                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1408354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018203                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1478689                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1478689                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1540029                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1478689                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       607017                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       604581                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1478689                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.019112                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1505376                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1505376                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1566237                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1505376                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       626788                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       623260                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1505376                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019457                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2602580     27.85%     27.85% |     6211729     66.47%     94.32% |      530636      5.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9344945                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2602580     27.85%     27.85% |     6211729     66.47%     94.32% |      530636      5.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9344945                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76597709                       |   149738853                       |    11446355                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     8996430                       |    30440026                       |      530758                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.431452                       |   24.105825                       |   21.571011                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.456735                       |    4.900411                       |    1.000230                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.445085                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.276881                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.721965                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001881                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040894      7.06%      7.06% |    0.040253      6.95%     14.01% |    0.040765      7.04%     21.04% |    0.040187      6.94%     27.98% |    0.095341     16.45%     44.43% |    0.096738     16.70%     61.13% |    0.095269     16.44%     77.57% |    0.096611     16.67%     94.24% |    0.008332      1.44%     95.68% |    0.008340      1.44%     97.12% |    0.008339      1.44%     98.56% |    0.008335      1.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.579404                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014332                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028949                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000413                       |    0.000368                       |    0.000389                       |    0.000387                       |    0.000357                       |    0.000387                       |    0.000394                       |    0.000399                       |    0.000394                       |    0.000369                       |    0.000423                       |    0.000415                       |    0.000369                       |    0.000377                       |    0.000404                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005562                       |    0.001902                       |    0.001670                       |    0.001830                       |    0.001717                       |    0.001724                       |    0.001647                       |    0.001668                       |    0.001697                       |    0.001771                       |    0.001911                       |    0.001923                       |    0.001778                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001635                       |    0.001662                       |    0.001837                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001720                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001807                       |    0.001923                       |    0.001744                       |    0.001738                       |    0.001763                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001689                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001870                       |    0.002044                       |    0.002167                       |    0.005659                       |    0.005504                       |    0.005507                       |    0.005485                       |    0.000310                       |           0                       |    0.000218                       |    0.001053                       |    0.000052                       |    0.000055                       |    0.000049                       |    0.000053                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000051                       |    0.000053                       |    0.000052                       |    0.000053                       |    0.000052                       |    0.000048                       |    0.000056                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000051                       |    0.000049                       |    0.000055                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001722                       |    0.000314                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000794                       |    0.000586                       |    0.001599                       |    0.000053                       |    0.001669                       |    0.004028                       |    0.001261                       |           0                       |    0.001817                       |    0.003877                       |           0                       |    0.003564                       |    0.007071                       |    0.001614                       |    0.000550                       |    0.001573                       |    0.000052                       |    0.003268                       |    0.002437                       |    0.010690                       |    0.000625                       |    0.001716                       |    0.000055                       |    0.007414                       |    0.002693                       |    0.001977                       |           0                       |    0.001709                       |    0.003733                       |           0                       |    0.007543                       |    0.003288                       |    0.001930                       |    0.000596                       |    0.001730                       |    0.000052                       |    0.003940                       |    0.001517                       |    0.001776                       |           0                       |    0.001668                       |           0                       |    0.001763                       |    0.000799                       |           0                       |    0.001801                       |           0                       |    0.001161                       |    0.001923                       |    0.001778                       |    0.000596                       |    0.001591                       |    0.000052                       |    0.001378                       |    0.003625                       |    0.003910                       |    0.002483                       |    0.000559                       |    0.001609                       |    0.000049                       |    0.003071                       |    0.007472                       |    0.005253                       |    0.002801                       |    0.037359                       |    0.004634                       |    0.000218                       |    0.001999                       |    0.012262                       |    0.015375                       |    0.003173                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001769                       |    0.001053                       |    0.002202                       |    0.006386                       |    0.012174                       |    0.003014                       |    0.000587                       |    0.001590                       |    0.000053                       |    0.004195                       |    0.004730                       |    0.007233                       |    0.002991                       |    0.000560                       |    0.001638                       |    0.000048                       |    0.002191                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003335                       |    0.002838                       |           0                       |    0.001633                       |           0                       |    0.000950                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001718                       |           0                       |    0.001651                       |           0                       |    0.000321                       |    0.001744                       |    0.001603                       |    0.000605                       |    0.001740                       |    0.000053                       |    0.000761                       |    0.001666                       |    0.003876                       |    0.002024                       |           0                       |    0.001892                       |    0.003735                       |           0                       |    0.000893                       |    0.003555                       |    0.007056                       |    0.001980                       |    0.000586                       |    0.001543                       |    0.000054                       |    0.017963                       |    0.003252                       |    0.002304                       |    0.002294                       |    0.000541                       |    0.001592                       |    0.000051                       |    0.001562                       |    0.007292                       |    0.002538                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.001911                       |    0.003724                       |           0                       |    0.001366                       |    0.007616                       |    0.003277                       |    0.001563                       |    0.000642                       |    0.001628                       |    0.000056                       |    0.001418                       |    0.003726                       |    0.001514                       |    0.001635                       |           0                       |    0.001617                       |           0                       |    0.000167                       |    0.001689                       |    0.001579                       |           0                       |    0.001646                       |           0                       |    0.000130                       |    0.001738                       |    0.000625                       |    0.001534                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000578                       |    0.000174                       |    0.003608                       |    0.000559                       |    0.001552                       |    0.000051                       |    0.001632                       |    0.000708                       |    0.004896                       |    0.000570                       |    0.001949                       |    0.000049                       |    0.008386                       |    0.001728                       |    0.002107                       |    0.000607                       |    0.001581                       |    0.000055                       |    0.000602                       |    0.005335                       |    0.002265                       |           0                       |    0.001607                       |           0                       |    0.002549                       |    0.004129                       |    0.000687                       |           0                       |    0.001678                       |           0                       |    0.000578                       |    0.003423                       |    0.000174                       |           0                       |    0.001622                       |           0                       |    0.000130                       |    0.001758                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.579404                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4055007                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4055007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2652115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2096067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.033790                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          272480                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8683807                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48176                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4943389                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8731983                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         4987799                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13627196                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92586                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13719782                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3472546                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3481989                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3472546                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3481989                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 73836989                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13318815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               23937236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4055007                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2368547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              55804240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       311025                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3471893                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70269108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.621219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.949645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62248341     88.59%     88.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1008580      1.44%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           639495      0.91%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           734968      1.05%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           592322      0.84%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           673591      0.96%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           600255      0.85%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           351208      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3420348      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70269108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054918                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.324190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8384769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55495907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4129670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1968277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41053869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9260390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30211387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5149377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19575247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40028279                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1353878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46331651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97039407                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     60569161                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36459839                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871804                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13529823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4404291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5148935                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       365623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       226050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39010759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       186669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41291716                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168659                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261167                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761156                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70269108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.587623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54653186     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5656458      8.05%     85.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3001536      4.27%     90.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2656149      3.78%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1896864      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1046561      1.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861496      1.23%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300362      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70269108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92699     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27203079     65.88%     66.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8820775     21.36%     87.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5016676     12.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41291716                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.559228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798128                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019329                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    153819272                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46465491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35819109                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       41915690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       540363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5114141                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4253680                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24787650                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39197428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4404291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5148935                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       177806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          69975                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      40881606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8677141                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13626242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2978660                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4949101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.553674                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               35885644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              35819129                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20355512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          32827666                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.485111                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.620072                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       132199                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69102908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.458998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57373201     83.03%     83.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4156629      6.02%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3515339      5.09%     94.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1408550      2.04%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       778703      1.13%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242487      0.35%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355253      0.51%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.49%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       937127      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69102908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     17992217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       31718071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                7988403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3271150                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2645453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31433808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       198805                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23573374     74.32%     74.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3271150     10.31%     85.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4717253     14.87%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     31718071                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        937127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107268797                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            79500691                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3567881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            17992217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              31718071                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.103829                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.103829                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.243675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.243675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         62816712                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27654121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15318827                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13097756                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20160345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                364306500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            364306500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1598959                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.136239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.481251                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       18.668966                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1542919     96.50%     96.50% |       49546      3.10%     99.59% |        6190      0.39%     99.98% |         285      0.02%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1598959                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1670321                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.669523                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.325516                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.924042                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1180254     70.66%     70.66% |      481148     28.81%     99.47% |        7305      0.44%     99.90% |        1148      0.07%     99.97% |         310      0.02%     99.99% |         104      0.01%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1670321                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         30551                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.355046                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.923946                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.706392                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         776      2.54%      2.54% |        4748     15.54%     18.08% |       12898     42.22%     60.30% |        7626     24.96%     85.26% |        4052     13.26%     98.52% |         375      1.23%     99.75% |          66      0.22%     99.97% |          10      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           30551                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3519614                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           24.063850                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.030488                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         130.814253                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3480920     98.90%     98.90% |       23199      0.66%     99.56% |        9137      0.26%     99.82% |        4061      0.12%     99.93% |        1602      0.05%     99.98% |         547      0.02%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3519614                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3252906                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000933                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000806                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030536                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3249870     99.91%     99.91% |        3036      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3252906                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266708                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     280.957860                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    147.221653                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    392.961231                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      228014     85.49%     85.49% |       23199      8.70%     94.19% |        9137      3.43%     97.62% |        4061      1.52%     99.14% |        1602      0.60%     99.74% |         547      0.21%     99.94% |         124      0.05%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266708                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4739234                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.741295                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.609273                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          54.044464                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4732397     99.86%     99.86% |        5081      0.11%     99.96% |        1069      0.02%     99.99% |         426      0.01%     99.99% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4739234                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4514898                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000431                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000372                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020772                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4512952     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4514898                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224336                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     187.656471                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    148.727032                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    170.938778                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      217499     96.95%     96.95% |        5081      2.26%     99.22% |        1069      0.48%     99.69% |         426      0.19%     99.88% |         190      0.08%     99.97% |          53      0.02%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3465629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.825992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.356661                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      18.076150                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3465426     99.99%     99.99% |         201      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3465629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3344429                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001094                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3344425    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3344429                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.807236                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.494861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.151437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120997     99.83%     99.83% |         201      0.17%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8953                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       233742                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7881                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     8796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     9934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     8953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     9359                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     9358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     8667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     9339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     9491                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     9610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     9513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    8938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   10158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    9991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    8904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    9042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    9619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  1310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  1433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1374                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  1469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     1507                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     1777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     1650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     1713                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     1696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    1622                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    1861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    1809                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    1583                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    1672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    1699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                10080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                11424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                10248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                10752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                10752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 9912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                10752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                10920                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                11088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                10920                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               10248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               11760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               11424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               10248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               10416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               11088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   97911                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                   97389                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                   98050                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                   95251                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  103694                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                   90787                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  115595                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  113973                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  115616                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  109587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                  96648                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 108010                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 115251                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 108412                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 105832                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295069248                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    8640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    9792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8784                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    8496                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    9360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                    9504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    9360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8784                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   9792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   8784                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8928                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   9504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   1440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1632                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   1464                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   1416                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   1560                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1560                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  1464                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1680                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  1632                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1464                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  1584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 7562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 8527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 7682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 8034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 8031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7451                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8021                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 8156                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 8253                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 8170                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                7669                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                8714                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                8568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7656                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                7758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                8256                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1078                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1265                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1045                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1204                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               1251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1224                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1248                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                1234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1407                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                1271                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1327                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                1216                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                1335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               1269                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1423                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1248                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               1363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               211                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               227                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              216                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              204                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       60                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       68                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       61                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       59                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       65                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       66                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       65                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      61                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      70                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      68                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      61                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      62                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      66                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 620065                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 620468                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 614496                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 614592                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 620009                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 617363                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 613976                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 614684                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 614708                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 618881                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                617896                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles                612985                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                617029                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                615896                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                617628                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                617694                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2880                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    3264                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2928                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    3072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    3072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2832                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    3072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    3120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    3168                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    3120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                   2928                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   3360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   3264                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                   2928                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2976                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   3168                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                568520                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                567819                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                567919                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                565852                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                570475                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                569994                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                558099                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                566792                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                569276                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                567888                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               570143                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles               560145                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               565612                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               566104                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               571506                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles               569086                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              62400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              70720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              63440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              66560                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              66560                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles              61360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              66560                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              67600                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              68640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              67600                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             63440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles             72800                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             70720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             63440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             64480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles             68640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               412790                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               438000                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               418244                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               440383                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               445043                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               401702                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               443460                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               430049                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               412811                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               437056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              400071                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              433081                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              438142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              418924                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              404625                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              429469                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           568520                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           567819                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           567919                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           565852                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           570475                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           569994                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           558099                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           566792                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time           569276                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           567888                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          570143                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time          560145                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          565612                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          566104                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          571506                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time          569086                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         62400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         70720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         63440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         66560                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         66560                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time         61360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         66560                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         67600                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         68640                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         67600                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        63440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time        72800                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        63440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        64480                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time        68640                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          364252                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          387295                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          370597                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          380774                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          386680                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          352259                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          385142                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          375198                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          369822                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          387149                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         358340                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         385005                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         389556                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         369617                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         365550                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         386279                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             615259                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             615297                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             610034                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             609237                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             614741                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             612314                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             608744                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             608511                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             609692                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             612749                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            612148                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time            607941                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            612688                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            610947                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            612608                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time            612415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              5826                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              5900                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              5775                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              3619                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              6576                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              3739                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              3736                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              3768                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              7025                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              4491                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles             4429                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             4469                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             8796                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles             5390                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             5369                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             5388                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          76739474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         76739465                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         76739471                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         76739486                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         76739481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         76739477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         76739473                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           285202                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           245996                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           296743                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           287678                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           295722                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           280715                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           271421                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           222212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles           216642                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles           223358                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles          236247                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles          164732                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles          212837                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles          232685                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles          232488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles          244890                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               483                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               602                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              623                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               479                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               481                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               479                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1               484                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               494                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              520                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1              510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2982                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              3050                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2773                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2966                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2924                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2914                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             3054                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3044                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             2872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles              72                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles             226                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            1195                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1150                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles             524                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             760                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             763                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            381                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71318     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73262     25.53%     25.53% |       71318     24.85%     50.38% |       71355     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287006                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26032     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104048                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71318     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26032     25.02%     50.14% |       26047     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104048                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71318     24.85%     50.37% |       71355     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286981                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3373928     95.81%     95.81% |          10      0.00%     95.81% |        8640      0.25%     96.06% |        9805      0.28%     96.34% |        8784      0.25%     96.58% |        9216      0.26%     96.85% |        9216      0.26%     97.11% |        8496      0.24%     97.35% |        9216      0.26%     97.61% |        9360      0.27%     97.88% |        9504      0.27%     98.15% |        9360      0.27%     98.41% |        8794      0.25%     98.66% |       10080      0.29%     98.95% |        9802      0.28%     99.23% |        8784      0.25%     99.48% |        8939      0.25%     99.73% |        9504      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3521438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3465691    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3465691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4856189     99.52%     99.52% |           0      0.00%     99.52% |        1381      0.03%     99.54% |        1574      0.03%     99.58% |        1406      0.03%     99.60% |        1478      0.03%     99.63% |        1478      0.03%     99.67% |        1357      0.03%     99.69% |        1479      0.03%     99.72% |        1503      0.03%     99.75% |        1527      0.03%     99.79% |        1503      0.03%     99.82% |        1406      0.03%     99.85% |        1624      0.03%     99.88% |        1575      0.03%     99.91% |        1405      0.03%     99.94% |        1430      0.03%     99.97% |        1526      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4879841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13041     55.57%     55.57% |          10      0.04%     55.61% |         517      2.20%     57.81% |         566      2.41%     60.22% |         564      2.40%     62.63% |         584      2.49%     65.12% |         547      2.33%     67.45% |         641      2.73%     70.18% |         566      2.41%     72.59% |         603      2.57%     75.16% |         816      3.48%     78.64% |         605      2.58%     81.21% |         749      3.19%     84.40% |         646      2.75%     87.16% |         830      3.54%     90.69% |         808      3.44%     94.14% |         690      2.94%     97.08% |         686      2.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        23469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499134     81.42%     81.42% |           0      0.00%     81.42% |        6628      1.08%     82.51% |        7633      1.25%     83.75% |        6747      1.10%     84.85% |        7104      1.16%     86.01% |        7104      1.16%     87.17% |        6511      1.06%     88.23% |        7104      1.16%     89.39% |        7223      1.18%     90.57% |        7342      1.20%     91.77% |        7223      1.18%     92.95% |        6794      1.11%     94.05% |        7818      1.28%     95.33% |        7628      1.24%     96.57% |        6747      1.10%     97.67% |        6917      1.13%     98.80% |        7342      1.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       612999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          58      5.77%      5.77% |          68      6.77%     12.54% |          59      5.87%     18.41% |          63      6.27%     24.68% |          64      6.37%     31.04% |          59      5.87%     36.92% |          62      6.17%     43.08% |          63      6.27%     49.35% |          64      6.37%     55.72% |          62      6.17%     61.89% |          61      6.07%     67.96% |          64      6.37%     74.33% |          69      6.87%     81.19% |          60      5.97%     87.16% |          62      6.17%     93.33% |          67      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         354      5.83%      5.91% |         403      6.63%     12.54% |         356      5.86%     18.40% |         383      6.30%     24.70% |         379      6.24%     30.94% |         354      5.83%     36.76% |         374      6.15%     42.92% |         385      6.34%     49.25% |         386      6.35%     55.60% |         386      6.35%     61.95% |         365      6.01%     67.96% |         404      6.65%     74.61% |         408      6.71%     81.32% |         362      5.96%     87.28% |         371      6.10%     93.38% |         402      6.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161497     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |        5772      2.22%     64.35% |        6549      2.52%     66.87% |        5858      2.25%     69.12% |        6143      2.36%     71.48% |        6159      2.37%     73.85% |        5683      2.19%     76.04% |        6144      2.36%     78.40% |        6240      2.40%     80.80% |        6336      2.44%     83.24% |        6240      2.40%     85.64% |        5878      2.26%     87.90% |        6720      2.59%     90.49% |        6546      2.52%     93.01% |        5866      2.26%     95.26% |        5972      2.30%     97.56% |        6342      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         348      5.73%      5.81% |         407      6.70%     12.51% |         364      5.99%     18.50% |         385      6.34%     24.83% |         369      6.07%     30.90% |         335      5.51%     36.42% |         384      6.32%     42.73% |         390      6.42%     49.15% |         396      6.52%     55.67% |         390      6.42%     62.09% |         361      5.94%     68.03% |         420      6.91%     74.94% |         407      6.70%     81.64% |         356      5.86%     87.49% |         370      6.09%     93.58% |         390      6.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338513     95.11%     95.11% |           0      0.00%     95.11% |        1020      0.29%     95.40% |        1156      0.32%     95.72% |        1037      0.29%     96.01% |        1088      0.31%     96.32% |        1088      0.31%     96.62% |        1003      0.28%     96.90% |        1088      0.31%     97.21% |        1105      0.31%     97.52% |        1122      0.32%     97.84% |        1105      0.31%     98.15% |        1037      0.29%     98.44% |        1190      0.33%     98.77% |        1156      0.32%     99.10% |        1037      0.29%     99.39% |        1054      0.30%     99.68% |        1122      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377373     79.13%     79.13% |           0      0.00%     79.13% |        5898      1.24%     80.37% |        6751      1.42%     81.78% |        5967      1.25%     83.03% |        6272      1.32%     84.35% |        6301      1.32%     85.67% |        5667      1.19%     86.86% |        6285      1.32%     88.18% |        6355      1.33%     89.51% |        6255      1.31%     90.82% |        6353      1.33%     92.15% |        5795      1.22%     93.37% |        6900      1.45%     94.81% |        6503      1.36%     96.18% |        5743      1.20%     97.38% |        5976      1.25%     98.63% |        6512      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       476906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162012     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |        6120      2.30%     63.08% |        6956      2.61%     65.69% |        6222      2.33%     68.03% |        6528      2.45%     70.48% |        6528      2.45%     72.93% |        6018      2.26%     75.18% |        6528      2.45%     77.63% |        6630      2.49%     80.12% |        6732      2.53%     82.65% |        6630      2.49%     85.13% |        6239      2.34%     87.47% |        7140      2.68%     90.15% |        6953      2.61%     92.76% |        6222      2.33%     95.09% |        6342      2.38%     97.47% |        6732      2.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        1020      0.44%     93.00% |        1156      0.49%     93.49% |        1037      0.44%     93.93% |        1088      0.46%     94.40% |        1088      0.46%     94.86% |        1003      0.43%     95.29% |        1088      0.46%     95.76% |        1105      0.47%     96.23% |        1122      0.48%     96.71% |        1105      0.47%     97.18% |        1037      0.44%     97.62% |        1190      0.51%     98.13% |        1156      0.49%     98.63% |        1037      0.44%     99.07% |        1054      0.45%     99.52% |        1122      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.74%     55.74% |           0      0.00%     55.74% |         517      2.62%     58.36% |         566      2.87%     61.22% |         530      2.69%     63.91% |         551      2.79%     66.70% |         532      2.70%     69.40% |         518      2.62%     72.02% |         536      2.72%     74.74% |         543      2.75%     77.49% |         545      2.76%     80.25% |         544      2.76%     83.00% |         536      2.72%     85.72% |         585      2.96%     88.68% |         575      2.91%     91.60% |         553      2.80%     94.40% |         540      2.74%     97.13% |         566      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         166    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     13.30%     13.30% |           0      0.00%     13.30% |          55      1.91%     15.21% |          66      2.29%     17.51% |          89      3.09%     20.60% |          94      3.27%     23.86% |          77      2.67%     26.54% |         179      6.22%     32.75% |          89      3.09%     35.85% |         121      4.20%     40.05% |         332     11.53%     51.58% |         122      4.24%     55.82% |         270      9.38%     65.20% |         123      4.27%     69.47% |         307     10.66%     80.13% |         311     10.80%     90.93% |         195      6.77%     97.71% |          66      2.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         2879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3344429    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3344429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.56%     99.56% |           5      0.37%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     91.14%     91.14% |           0      0.00%     91.14% |         675      0.51%     91.65% |         783      0.59%     92.25% |         691      0.52%     92.77% |         738      0.56%     93.33% |         726      0.55%     93.88% |         663      0.50%     94.38% |         730      0.55%     94.93% |         747      0.57%     95.50% |         755      0.57%     96.07% |         748      0.57%     96.63% |         699      0.53%     97.16% |         795      0.60%     97.76% |         787      0.60%     98.36% |         693      0.52%     98.88% |         713      0.54%     99.42% |         764      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693090     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        2520      0.15%     97.67% |        2836      0.16%     97.84% |        2562      0.15%     97.98% |        2688      0.15%     98.14% |        2688      0.15%     98.29% |        2478      0.14%     98.44% |        2688      0.15%     98.59% |        2730      0.16%     98.75% |        2772      0.16%     98.91% |        2730      0.16%     99.06% |        2545      0.15%     99.21% |        2940      0.17%     99.38% |        2839      0.16%     99.54% |        2562      0.15%     99.69% |        2586      0.15%     99.84% |        2772      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26144    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         478     26.31%     26.31% |           5      0.28%     26.58% |           0      0.00%     26.58% |           0      0.00%     26.58% |          18      0.99%     27.57% |          33      1.82%     29.39% |           0      0.00%     29.39% |          93      5.12%     34.51% |          15      0.83%     35.33% |          30      1.65%     36.98% |         241     13.26%     50.25% |          31      1.71%     51.95% |         182     10.02%     61.97% |          31      1.71%     63.68% |         225     12.38%     76.06% |         210     11.56%     87.62% |         120      6.60%     94.22% |         105      5.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134791     61.42%     61.42% |           0      0.00%     61.42% |        4998      2.28%     63.70% |        5741      2.62%     66.32% |        5082      2.32%     68.63% |        5309      2.42%     71.05% |        5369      2.45%     73.50% |        4846      2.21%     75.71% |        5350      2.44%     78.15% |        5405      2.46%     80.61% |        5304      2.42%     83.03% |        5403      2.46%     85.49% |        4956      2.26%     87.75% |        5883      2.68%     90.43% |        5508      2.51%     92.94% |        4904      2.23%     95.17% |        5076      2.31%     97.48% |        5520      2.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       219445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         354      5.83%      5.83% |         403      6.64%     12.48% |         356      5.87%     18.35% |         381      6.28%     24.63% |         379      6.25%     30.87% |         354      5.83%     36.71% |         374      6.16%     42.87% |         385      6.35%     49.22% |         386      6.36%     55.58% |         386      6.36%     61.94% |         365      6.02%     67.96% |         401      6.61%     74.57% |         408      6.72%     81.29% |         362      5.97%     87.26% |         371      6.12%     93.37% |         402      6.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1506319    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1506319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4610468     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         361      0.01%     99.87% |         418      0.01%     99.88% |         369      0.01%     99.89% |         390      0.01%     99.90% |         390      0.01%     99.91% |         354      0.01%     99.91% |         391      0.01%     99.92% |         398      0.01%     99.93% |         405      0.01%     99.94% |         398      0.01%     99.95% |         369      0.01%     99.96% |         434      0.01%     99.97% |         419      0.01%     99.98% |         368      0.01%     99.98% |         376      0.01%     99.99% |         404      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4616712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     36.58%     36.58% |           0      0.00%     36.58% |           0      0.00%     36.58% |           0      0.00%     36.58% |          15      2.76%     39.34% |           0      0.00%     39.34% |          15      2.76%     42.10% |          30      5.51%     47.61% |          15      2.76%     50.37% |          30      5.51%     55.88% |          30      5.51%     61.40% |          30      5.51%     66.91% |          30      5.51%     72.43% |          30      5.51%     77.94% |          30      5.51%     83.46% |          45      8.27%     91.73% |          30      5.51%     97.24% |          15      2.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     94.22%     94.22% |           0      0.00%     94.22% |         900      0.35%     94.57% |        1010      0.39%     94.96% |         885      0.34%     95.31% |         963      0.37%     95.68% |         932      0.36%     96.04% |         821      0.32%     96.36% |         935      0.36%     96.72% |         950      0.37%     97.09% |         951      0.37%     97.46% |         950      0.37%     97.83% |         839      0.33%     98.16% |        1017      0.40%     98.55% |         995      0.39%     98.94% |         839      0.33%     99.27% |         900      0.35%     99.61% |         992      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       257461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          58      5.78%      5.78% |          68      6.77%     12.55% |          59      5.88%     18.43% |          63      6.27%     24.70% |          64      6.37%     31.08% |          59      5.88%     36.95% |          61      6.08%     43.03% |          63      6.27%     49.30% |          64      6.37%     55.68% |          62      6.18%     61.85% |          61      6.08%     67.93% |          64      6.37%     74.30% |          69      6.87%     81.18% |          60      5.98%     87.15% |          62      6.18%     93.33% |          67      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     87.60%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |           0      0.00%     87.60% |          33      3.17%     90.77% |           0      0.00%     90.77% |           0      0.00%     90.77% |           0      0.00%     90.77% |           2      0.19%     90.96% |           0      0.00%     90.96% |           0      0.00%     90.96% |           0      0.00%     90.96% |           0      0.00%     90.96% |          30      2.88%     93.85% |           0      0.00%     93.85% |          31      2.98%     96.83% |           0      0.00%     96.83% |          33      3.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161497     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |        5772      2.22%     64.35% |        6549      2.52%     66.87% |        5858      2.25%     69.12% |        6143      2.36%     71.48% |        6159      2.37%     73.85% |        5683      2.19%     76.04% |        6144      2.36%     78.40% |        6240      2.40%     80.80% |        6336      2.44%     83.24% |        6240      2.40%     85.64% |        5878      2.26%     87.90% |        6720      2.59%     90.49% |        6546      2.52%     93.01% |        5866      2.26%     95.26% |        5972      2.30%     97.56% |        6342      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         348      5.73%      5.81% |         407      6.70%     12.51% |         364      5.99%     18.50% |         385      6.34%     24.83% |         369      6.07%     30.90% |         335      5.51%     36.42% |         384      6.32%     42.73% |         390      6.42%     49.15% |         396      6.52%     55.67% |         390      6.42%     62.09% |         361      5.94%     68.03% |         420      6.91%     74.94% |         407      6.70%     81.64% |         356      5.86%     87.49% |         370      6.09%     93.58% |         390      6.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216632     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        1020      0.44%     93.00% |        1156      0.49%     93.49% |        1037      0.44%     93.93% |        1088      0.46%     94.40% |        1088      0.46%     94.86% |        1003      0.43%     95.29% |        1088      0.46%     95.76% |        1105      0.47%     96.23% |        1122      0.48%     96.71% |        1105      0.47%     97.18% |        1037      0.44%     97.62% |        1190      0.51%     98.13% |        1156      0.49%     98.63% |        1037      0.44%     99.07% |        1054      0.45%     99.52% |        1122      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |          13      0.71%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |          10      0.55%     98.85% |           0      0.00%     98.85% |          10      0.55%     99.40% |           0      0.00%     99.40% |          11      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377373     79.13%     79.13% |           0      0.00%     79.13% |        5898      1.24%     80.37% |        6751      1.42%     81.78% |        5967      1.25%     83.03% |        6270      1.31%     84.35% |        6301      1.32%     85.67% |        5667      1.19%     86.86% |        6284      1.32%     88.18% |        6355      1.33%     89.51% |        6255      1.31%     90.82% |        6353      1.33%     92.15% |        5794      1.21%     93.37% |        6897      1.45%     94.81% |        6503      1.36%     96.18% |        5743      1.20%     97.38% |        5976      1.25%     98.63% |        6512      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       476899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.91% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3905      3.22%     88.13% |        5096      4.20%     92.33% |        4946      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47055     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6460      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6720      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6110      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6548      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8658      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7705      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5930      2.22%     54.46% |        6307      2.36%     56.82% |       10302      3.86%     60.68% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6863      2.57%     65.71% |        6962      2.61%     68.32% |        7224      2.71%     71.03% |        7640      2.86%     73.90% |        6633      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6314      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7134      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7235      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16454      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6747      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8265      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56825     11.92%     11.92% |       15216      3.19%     15.11% |       12425      2.61%     17.71% |       14478      3.04%     20.75% |       13008      2.73%     23.47% |       12391      2.60%     26.07% |       11920      2.50%     28.57% |       12580      2.64%     31.21% |       12775      2.68%     33.89% |       12438      2.61%     36.50% |       15186      3.18%     39.68% |       15441      3.24%     42.92% |       13811      2.90%     45.81% |       12896      2.70%     48.52% |       11681      2.45%     50.97% |       12137      2.54%     53.51% |       10404      2.18%     55.69% |       12469      2.61%     58.31% |       12903      2.71%     61.01% |       13891      2.91%     63.93% |       14569      3.05%     66.98% |       15543      3.26%     70.24% |       13385      2.81%     73.05% |       13420      2.81%     75.86% |       13502      2.83%     78.69% |       13063      2.74%     81.43% |       12914      2.71%     84.14% |       12624      2.65%     86.79% |       15227      3.19%     89.98% |       13651      2.86%     92.84% |       16023      3.36%     96.20% |       18113      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       476909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.27%      4.27% |        4596      3.08%      7.36% |        4617      3.10%     10.46% |        4599      3.09%     13.54% |        4584      3.08%     16.62% |        4596      3.08%     19.70% |        4599      3.09%     22.79% |        4586      3.08%     25.87% |        4601      3.09%     28.96% |        4607      3.09%     32.05% |        4607      3.09%     35.14% |        4600      3.09%     38.23% |        4584      3.08%     41.30% |        4595      3.08%     44.39% |        4588      3.08%     47.47% |        4589      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.11%     53.66% |        4603      3.09%     56.75% |        4619      3.10%     59.85% |        4609      3.09%     62.94% |        4601      3.09%     66.03% |        4621      3.10%     69.13% |        4605      3.09%     72.22% |        4602      3.09%     75.31% |        4616      3.10%     78.41% |        4614      3.10%     81.50% |        4608      3.09%     84.60% |        4598      3.09%     87.68% |        4601      3.09%     90.77% |        4585      3.08%     93.85% |        4587      3.08%     96.92% |        4582      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149001                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.22%      3.22% |        3284      3.14%      6.36% |        3313      3.17%      9.53% |        3279      3.14%     12.67% |        3285      3.14%     15.81% |        3250      3.11%     18.92% |        3258      3.12%     22.04% |        3258      3.12%     25.16% |        3262      3.12%     28.28% |        3297      3.15%     31.43% |        3309      3.17%     34.60% |        3274      3.13%     37.73% |        3289      3.15%     40.88% |        3284      3.14%     44.02% |        3287      3.15%     47.17% |        3257      3.12%     50.29% |        3256      3.12%     53.40% |        3256      3.12%     56.52% |        3256      3.12%     59.63% |        3224      3.09%     62.72% |        3245      3.11%     65.82% |        3229      3.09%     68.91% |        3245      3.11%     72.02% |        3220      3.08%     75.10% |        3266      3.13%     78.22% |        3296      3.15%     81.38% |        3282      3.14%     84.52% |        3224      3.09%     87.60% |        3262      3.12%     90.72% |        3251      3.11%     93.84% |        3224      3.09%     96.92% |        3218      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.19% |        8919      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8894      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286981                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.93% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7870      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52      9.47%      9.47% |          15      2.73%     12.20% |          18      3.28%     15.48% |          17      3.10%     18.58% |          16      2.91%     21.49% |          16      2.91%     24.41% |          15      2.73%     27.14% |          19      3.46%     30.60% |          17      3.10%     33.70% |          18      3.28%     36.98% |          17      3.10%     40.07% |          16      2.91%     42.99% |          18      3.28%     46.27% |          16      2.91%     49.18% |          17      3.10%     52.28% |          14      2.55%     54.83% |           3      0.55%     55.37% |          15      2.73%     58.11% |          19      3.46%     61.57% |          16      2.91%     64.48% |          14      2.55%     67.03% |          18      3.28%     70.31% |          20      3.64%     73.95% |          15      2.73%     76.68% |          16      2.91%     79.60% |          15      2.73%     82.33% |          17      3.10%     85.43% |          17      3.10%     88.52% |          17      3.10%     91.62% |          15      2.73%     94.35% |          17      3.10%     97.45% |          14      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3021     49.74%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |        3051     50.24%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2186     49.98%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           1      0.02%     50.05% |           0      0.00%     50.05% |           0      0.00%     50.05% |           1      0.02%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           1      0.02%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |           0      0.00%     50.09% |        2183     49.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4374                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2602     14.03%     14.03% |         416      2.24%     16.27% |         429      2.31%     18.58% |         429      2.31%     20.89% |         435      2.35%     23.24% |         425      2.29%     25.53% |         438      2.36%     27.89% |         439      2.37%     30.26% |         425      2.29%     32.55% |         436      2.35%     34.90% |         467      2.52%     37.42% |         462      2.49%     39.91% |         466      2.51%     42.42% |         464      2.50%     44.92% |         469      2.53%     47.45% |         467      2.52%     49.97% |        2614     14.09%     64.06% |         455      2.45%     66.51% |         449      2.42%     68.93% |         430      2.32%     71.25% |         427      2.30%     73.55% |         438      2.36%     75.91% |         432      2.33%     78.24% |         432      2.33%     80.57% |         460      2.48%     83.05% |         472      2.54%     85.60% |         476      2.57%     88.16% |         441      2.38%     90.54% |         442      2.38%     92.92% |         441      2.38%     95.30% |         438      2.36%     97.66% |         434      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3021     49.71%     49.71% |           1      0.02%     49.73% |           1      0.02%     49.74% |           1      0.02%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           1      0.02%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |           1      0.02%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |        3051     50.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60451     12.24%     12.24% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12751      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13095      2.65%     33.98% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14130      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12003      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13994      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13238      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14905      3.02%     67.38% |       15886      3.22%     70.59% |       13722      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.96% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13251      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16357      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       494008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3802      3.07%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124030                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2585     15.47%     15.47% |         358      2.14%     17.61% |         373      2.23%     19.84% |         372      2.23%     22.07% |         379      2.27%     24.34% |         368      2.20%     26.54% |         379      2.27%     28.81% |         385      2.30%     31.11% |         370      2.21%     33.33% |         381      2.28%     35.61% |         408      2.44%     38.05% |         406      2.43%     40.48% |         412      2.47%     42.94% |         408      2.44%     45.38% |         410      2.45%     47.84% |         403      2.41%     50.25% |        2594     15.52%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.41% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38256     28.15%     28.15% |        3910      2.88%     31.02% |        2560      1.88%     32.91% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2874      2.11%     37.58% |        2338      1.72%     39.30% |        2275      1.67%     40.97% |        2453      1.80%     42.78% |        2721      2.00%     44.78% |        2732      2.01%     46.79% |        4787      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3897      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2099      1.54%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3441      2.53%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.95% |        2988      2.20%     69.15% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3406      2.51%     73.97% |        3820      2.81%     76.78% |        2805      2.06%     78.84% |        2818      2.07%     80.92% |        2752      2.02%     82.94% |        2662      1.96%     84.90% |        2506      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.37% |        3309      2.43%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3465      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135920                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11247     13.65%     13.65% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.29% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.99% |        1853      2.25%     27.24% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.59% |        1460      1.77%     35.36% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.42% |        2102      2.55%     44.97% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1526      1.85%     50.28% |        1549      1.88%     52.16% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.26% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.12% |        2553      3.10%     74.22% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.57% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.36%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82410                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.27%      4.27% |        4587      3.08%      7.35% |        4608      3.10%     10.45% |        4591      3.08%     13.53% |        4577      3.07%     16.60% |        4588      3.08%     19.69% |        4593      3.09%     22.77% |        4584      3.08%     25.85% |        4600      3.09%     28.94% |        4606      3.09%     32.03% |        4603      3.09%     35.13% |        4599      3.09%     38.21% |        4583      3.08%     41.29% |        4593      3.09%     44.38% |        4587      3.08%     47.46% |        4588      3.08%     50.54% |        4632      3.11%     53.65% |        4603      3.09%     56.74% |        4616      3.10%     59.84% |        4608      3.10%     62.94% |        4600      3.09%     66.03% |        4615      3.10%     69.13% |        4603      3.09%     72.22% |        4600      3.09%     75.31% |        4613      3.10%     78.41% |        4613      3.10%     81.51% |        4606      3.09%     84.60% |        4595      3.09%     87.69% |        4598      3.09%     90.78% |        4578      3.08%     93.85% |        4579      3.08%     96.93% |        4574      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       148877                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         774      0.90%      0.90% |        2863      3.35%      4.25% |        2876      3.36%      7.61% |        2842      3.32%     10.93% |        2841      3.32%     14.25% |        2817      3.29%     17.54% |        2812      3.29%     20.83% |        2802      3.27%     24.10% |        2821      3.30%     27.40% |        2845      3.32%     30.72% |        2829      3.31%     34.03% |        2797      3.27%     37.29% |        2806      3.28%     40.57% |        2806      3.28%     43.85% |        2802      3.27%     47.13% |        2777      3.24%     50.37% |         641      0.75%     51.12% |        2786      3.26%     54.37% |        2791      3.26%     57.64% |        2779      3.25%     60.88% |        2804      3.28%     64.16% |        2779      3.25%     67.41% |        2795      3.27%     70.67% |        2775      3.24%     73.91% |        2793      3.26%     77.18% |        2810      3.28%     80.46% |        2791      3.26%     83.72% |        2769      3.24%     86.96% |        2806      3.28%     90.24% |        2802      3.27%     93.51% |        2777      3.24%     96.75% |        2778      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        85586                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3021     49.71%     49.71% |           1      0.02%     49.73% |           1      0.02%     49.74% |           1      0.02%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           1      0.02%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |           0      0.00%     49.78% |           1      0.02%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |        3051     50.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         500     49.75%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |         505     50.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1005                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56824     11.92%     11.92% |       15216      3.19%     15.11% |       12425      2.61%     17.71% |       14478      3.04%     20.75% |       13008      2.73%     23.47% |       12391      2.60%     26.07% |       11920      2.50%     28.57% |       12580      2.64%     31.21% |       12775      2.68%     33.89% |       12438      2.61%     36.50% |       15186      3.18%     39.68% |       15441      3.24%     42.92% |       13811      2.90%     45.82% |       12896      2.70%     48.52% |       11681      2.45%     50.97% |       12137      2.54%     53.51% |       10395      2.18%     55.69% |       12469      2.61%     58.31% |       12903      2.71%     61.01% |       13891      2.91%     63.93% |       14569      3.05%     66.98% |       15543      3.26%     70.24% |       13385      2.81%     73.05% |       13420      2.81%     75.86% |       13502      2.83%     78.69% |       13063      2.74%     81.43% |       12914      2.71%     84.14% |       12624      2.65%     86.79% |       15227      3.19%     89.98% |       13651      2.86%     92.84% |       16023      3.36%     96.20% |       18113      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       476899                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.27%      0.27% |          63      2.85%      3.12% |          64      2.90%      6.02% |          65      2.94%      8.97% |          65      2.94%     11.91% |          65      2.94%     14.86% |          67      3.03%     17.89% |          71      3.22%     21.11% |          71      3.22%     24.32% |          71      3.22%     27.54% |          72      3.26%     30.80% |          71      3.22%     34.01% |          71      3.22%     37.23% |          70      3.17%     40.40% |          75      3.40%     43.80% |          77      3.49%     47.28% |          21      0.95%     48.23% |          81      3.67%     51.90% |          78      3.53%     55.43% |          78      3.53%     58.97% |          79      3.58%     62.55% |          80      3.62%     66.17% |          79      3.58%     69.75% |          78      3.53%     73.28% |          77      3.49%     76.77% |          79      3.58%     80.34% |          78      3.53%     83.88% |          78      3.53%     87.41% |          77      3.49%     90.90% |          70      3.17%     94.07% |          65      2.94%     97.01% |          66      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           3     27.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           3     27.27%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.93% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7895      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7870      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.22%      0.22% |          13      2.84%      3.06% |          16      3.50%      6.56% |          16      3.50%     10.07% |          16      3.50%     13.57% |          14      3.06%     16.63% |          14      3.06%     19.69% |          18      3.94%     23.63% |          17      3.72%     27.35% |          17      3.72%     31.07% |          15      3.28%     34.35% |          15      3.28%     37.64% |          17      3.72%     41.36% |          14      3.06%     44.42% |          17      3.72%     48.14% |          14      3.06%     51.20% |           2      0.44%     51.64% |          15      3.28%     54.92% |          17      3.72%     58.64% |          15      3.28%     61.93% |          14      3.06%     64.99% |          15      3.28%     68.27% |          18      3.94%     72.21% |          14      3.06%     75.27% |          14      3.06%     78.34% |          14      3.06%     81.40% |          15      3.28%     84.68% |          15      3.28%     87.96% |          14      3.06%     91.03% |          13      2.84%     93.87% |          15      3.28%     97.16% |          13      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          457                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.29%      0.29% |          50      2.86%      3.14% |          48      2.74%      5.89% |          49      2.80%      8.69% |          49      2.80%     11.49% |          51      2.91%     14.40% |          53      3.03%     17.43% |          53      3.03%     20.46% |          54      3.09%     23.54% |          54      3.09%     26.63% |          57      3.26%     29.89% |          56      3.20%     33.09% |          54      3.09%     36.17% |          56      3.20%     39.37% |          58      3.31%     42.69% |          63      3.60%     46.29% |          19      1.09%     47.37% |          66      3.77%     51.14% |          61      3.49%     54.63% |          63      3.60%     58.23% |          64      3.66%     61.89% |          65      3.71%     65.60% |          61      3.49%     69.09% |          64      3.66%     72.74% |          63      3.60%     76.34% |          65      3.71%     80.06% |          63      3.60%     83.66% |          63      3.60%     87.26% |          63      3.60%     90.86% |          57      3.26%     94.11% |          50      2.86%     96.97% |          53      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1750                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2186     50.03%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |           0      0.00%     50.03% |        2183     49.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4369                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2585     15.47%     15.47% |         358      2.14%     17.61% |         373      2.23%     19.84% |         372      2.23%     22.07% |         379      2.27%     24.34% |         368      2.20%     26.54% |         379      2.27%     28.81% |         385      2.30%     31.11% |         370      2.21%     33.33% |         381      2.28%     35.61% |         408      2.44%     38.05% |         406      2.43%     40.48% |         412      2.47%     42.94% |         408      2.44%     45.38% |         410      2.45%     47.84% |         403      2.41%     50.25% |        2594     15.52%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.41% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3809      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3802      3.07%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124030                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.16% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.18% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.49% |         407      3.30%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.34%     40.39% |         407      3.30%     43.69% |         408      3.30%     46.99% |         405      3.28%     50.27% |         413      3.34%     53.61% |         390      3.16%     56.77% |         388      3.14%     59.91% |         370      3.00%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      3.00%     68.85% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.81% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.34%     84.63% |         379      3.07%     87.69% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60448     12.24%     12.24% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12748      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13095      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14127      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11999      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.38% |       13993      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13227      2.68%     61.48% |       14224      2.88%     64.36% |       14905      3.02%     67.38% |       15885      3.22%     70.59% |       13722      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16357      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2932     51.38%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |           0      0.00%     51.38% |        2774     48.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          89     24.32%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |         277     75.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          89     24.32%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |           0      0.00%     24.32% |         277     75.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2932     51.34%     51.34% |           1      0.02%     51.36% |           1      0.02%     51.37% |           1      0.02%     51.39% |           0      0.00%     51.39% |           0      0.00%     51.39% |           1      0.02%     51.41% |           0      0.00%     51.41% |           0      0.00%     51.41% |           1      0.02%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |        2774     48.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5711                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       16835     10.34%     10.34% |       81433     50.00%     60.34% |        4053      2.49%     62.83% |        4238      2.60%     65.43% |        3798      2.33%     67.76% |        4098      2.52%     70.28% |        4142      2.54%     72.82% |        3973      2.44%     75.26% |        4063      2.49%     77.75% |        4023      2.47%     80.22% |        4071      2.50%     82.72% |        4033      2.48%     85.20% |        3713      2.28%     87.48% |        4309      2.65%     90.12% |        4159      2.55%     92.68% |        3942      2.42%     95.10% |        3763      2.31%     97.41% |        4220      2.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       162866                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       16835     10.34%     10.34% |       81433     50.00%     60.34% |        4053      2.49%     62.83% |        4238      2.60%     65.43% |        3798      2.33%     67.76% |        4098      2.52%     70.28% |        4142      2.54%     72.82% |        3973      2.44%     75.26% |        4063      2.49%     77.75% |        4023      2.47%     80.22% |        4071      2.50%     82.72% |        4033      2.48%     85.20% |        3713      2.28%     87.48% |        4309      2.65%     90.12% |        4159      2.55%     92.68% |        3942      2.42%     95.10% |        3763      2.31%     97.41% |        4220      2.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       162866                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       16835     10.34%     10.34% |       81433     50.00%     60.34% |        4053      2.49%     62.83% |        4238      2.60%     65.43% |        3798      2.33%     67.76% |        4098      2.52%     70.28% |        4142      2.54%     72.82% |        3973      2.44%     75.26% |        4063      2.49%     77.75% |        4023      2.47%     80.22% |        4071      2.50%     82.72% |        4033      2.48%     85.20% |        3713      2.28%     87.48% |        4309      2.65%     90.12% |        4159      2.55%     92.68% |        3942      2.42%     95.10% |        3763      2.31%     97.41% |        4220      2.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       162866                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       16835     10.34%     10.34% |       81433     50.00%     60.34% |        4053      2.49%     62.83% |        4238      2.60%     65.43% |        3798      2.33%     67.76% |        4098      2.52%     70.28% |        4142      2.54%     72.82% |        3973      2.44%     75.26% |        4063      2.49%     77.75% |        4023      2.47%     80.22% |        4071      2.50%     82.72% |        4033      2.48%     85.20% |        3713      2.28%     87.48% |        4309      2.65%     90.12% |        4159      2.55%     92.68% |        3942      2.42%     95.10% |        3763      2.31%     97.41% |        4220      2.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       162866                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
