
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.131445                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                131445322000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5307613400500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   120564                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              210752220                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4399584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   623.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43650411                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75195473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21451328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21451328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13546048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13546048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163195827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            163195827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103054622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103054622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    266250449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           266250449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335177                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211657                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335177                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21449920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13545792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21451328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13546048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     8686                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2772                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 131444779500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335177                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211657                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 185132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  16852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  14283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  12161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  11573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  10911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   9030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   8063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   7000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  6029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  9473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  38695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  40020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  40513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  40642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  40245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   3094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   5206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       153881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.413963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.162083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.915579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52860     34.35%     34.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31599     20.53%     54.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52577     34.17%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5681      3.69%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3908      2.54%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2108      1.37%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1320      0.86%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1063      0.69%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2765      1.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       153881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.605120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.054384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        38934     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        38946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.434525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.297971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.639930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36770     94.41%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1304      3.35%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          436      1.12%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          436      1.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        38946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15354543828                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21638700078                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    45813.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               64563.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      163.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   163.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  253944                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 138973                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    240374.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041533250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    99009366750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              587223000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              576049320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              320409375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              314312625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1313972400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299815400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688642560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682745760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        50207000490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49773288915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34822739250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35203188000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96524988435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          96434401380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.365702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.676513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20798848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20798848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12919488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12919488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201867                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201867                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158231938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158231938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98287925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98287925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    256519863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           256519863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324982                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201867                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201867                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20797504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12919424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20798848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12919488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     3966                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2003                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 131444498000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324982                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201867                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 181222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  14240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  13193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  12283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   7016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  5998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  5194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  4634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  36872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  38163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  38533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  38754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  38841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   3017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       126906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.677210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.445410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.809208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26168     20.62%     20.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30462     24.00%     44.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52413     41.30%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5212      4.11%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4502      3.55%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2256      1.78%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1484      1.17%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1122      0.88%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3287      2.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       126906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.754465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.368654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37088     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           29      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.438347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.299022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.640428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34742     93.60%     93.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1534      4.13%     97.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          488      1.31%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          355      0.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13236090800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            19329109550                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    40731.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               59481.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255035                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144879                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    249491.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549207000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    98501693000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              486236520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              473104800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              265307625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              258142500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275292200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259013600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            657175680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650766960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49645117575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48704639805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35315619000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36140599500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          96229749960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          96071268525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.119517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.913784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20797184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20797184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12920000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12920000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158219278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158219278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98291821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98291821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    256511099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           256511099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201875                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201875                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20796160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12919936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20797184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12920000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4290                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1986                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 131445232000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324956                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201875                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 181188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  14468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  13966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  12994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  12323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   9257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   8027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  4910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  36855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  38174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  38568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  38679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  38759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   4109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       126658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.190339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.960949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.389242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26296     20.76%     20.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29374     23.19%     43.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53203     42.01%     85.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5207      4.11%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4533      3.58%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2184      1.72%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1486      1.17%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1073      0.85%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3302      2.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       126658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.759719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.430811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37062     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           30      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.442228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.300078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.661398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34708     93.57%     93.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1489      4.01%     97.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          538      1.45%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          359      0.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 13211474482                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            19304099482                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    40658.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               59408.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  254952                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145197                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    249501.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    98646997500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              485767800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              471698640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              265051875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              257375250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275097200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259037000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            657097920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650896560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        49376491110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        48448430505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35551256250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36365344500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          96195763515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          96037783815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.860947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.659031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20775168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20775168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12918848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12918848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158051787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158051787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98283056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98283056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    256334843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           256334843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324612                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201857                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324612                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201857                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20774336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12918656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20775168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12918848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3897                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1989                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 131444505000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324612                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201857                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 180854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  14633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  14462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  13032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  12396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   6632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  5904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  4589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  36882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  38211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  38582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  38814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  38823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   3085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       125808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.805163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.787778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.652820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25325     20.13%     20.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29580     23.51%     43.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53171     42.26%     85.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5186      4.12%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4402      3.50%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2250      1.79%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1488      1.18%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1106      0.88%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3300      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       125808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.741362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.785365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37104     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           26      0.07%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.435973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.296590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.644451                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34799     93.71%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1478      3.98%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          488      1.31%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          368      0.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 13273641936                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            19359873186                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1622995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    40892.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               59642.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  254798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145841                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    249671.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931466750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4389060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    99119433250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              482244840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              468818280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              263129625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              255803625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273248600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258225800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            657013680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650864160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8585001360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49150777095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        48403761030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35749251000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36404528250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          96160666200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          96027002505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.593925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.577007                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11833630                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 40.377685                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.775171                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                79.866043                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11593816     97.97%     97.97% |      118661      1.00%     98.98% |       84206      0.71%     99.69% |       36293      0.31%     99.99% |         651      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11833630                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33131314                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.020608                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.527530                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.236976                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    31256272     94.34%     94.34% |     1344885      4.06%     98.40% |       44558      0.13%     98.53% |       63758      0.19%     98.73% |       38634      0.12%     98.84% |       45466      0.14%     98.98% |       43062      0.13%     99.11% |      110116      0.33%     99.44% |      184563      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33131314                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33131313                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              18.576815                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.806130                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             98.639981                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33080471     99.85%     99.85% |       41757      0.13%     99.97% |        4955      0.01%     99.99% |        3147      0.01%    100.00% |         849      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33131313                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        31210974                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000175                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000150                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013346                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    31205545     99.98%     99.98% |        5426      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          31210974                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920339                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        271.741550                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       181.995820                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       315.961605                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1869497     97.35%     97.35% |       41757      2.17%     99.53% |        4955      0.26%     99.78% |        3147      0.16%     99.95% |         849      0.04%     99.99% |         121      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920339                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         324438                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       324438                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           75                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           34                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24133550                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25306904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      7076042                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7201800                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       489191                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44930                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       152681                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2086040                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70102                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        20312                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        20369                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        20453                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        19921                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        19990                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        20475                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        20760                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        20232                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124921                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54922                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51915                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14140                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40587                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19045                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19809                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40596                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56481                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27986                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68571                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40597                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        55777                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     19282147                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     19282147                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19568753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     19282147                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8463846                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8406743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     19282147                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.073347                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      8496752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      8496752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8776000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8496752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4520138                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4426896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      8496752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.032320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5896460                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5896460                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6118877                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5896460                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2421168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2401160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5896460                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022429                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4953287                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4953287                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5165306                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4953287                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2125075                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2111179                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4953287                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018842                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6870376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6870376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7133118                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6870376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3337177                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3284832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6870376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.026134                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6781581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6781581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7024848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6781581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3176637                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3149721                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6781581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025796                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7631108                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7631108                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7951534                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7631108                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2939211                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2897180                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7631108                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029028                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5033361                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5033361                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5335815                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5033361                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2128333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2084481                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5033361                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019146                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3353218                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3353218                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3486790                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3353218                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1493296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1475186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3353218                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4597493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4597493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4839093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4597493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2193145                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2157093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4597493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3145121                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3145121                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3225477                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3145121                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1272760                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262589                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3145121                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011964                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2727938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2727938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2742507                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2727938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1089742                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089386                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2727938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010377                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3793834                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3793834                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3813959                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3793834                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677029                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676570                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3793834                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014431                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2906272                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167940                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167600                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010996                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1689356                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1689356                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1708020                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1689356                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       658445                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657216                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1689356                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006426                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2500373                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2500373                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2542236                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2500373                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       989039                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       986673                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2500373                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009511                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3516049                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3516049                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565982                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3516049                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1301088                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1297213                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3516049                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013375                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2671668                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2671668                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2727994                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2671668                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1026977                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022008                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2671668                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010163                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2666112                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2666112                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2726906                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2666112                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1069696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065040                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2666112                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010142                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584546                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584546                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1596022                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584546                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627978                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627646                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584546                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006027                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453690                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633223                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2053814                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956562                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956237                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007799                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703909                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703909                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1707796                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703909                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742684                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742605                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703909                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006481                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433915                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433915                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004031                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1397431                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581468                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005305                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1883017                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1883017                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1886397                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1883017                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862750                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862429                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1883017                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007163                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638654                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638654                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1642552                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638654                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702470                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702394                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638654                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006233                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060831                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060831                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060831                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060831                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431823                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431823                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060831                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6162194                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6162194                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6435468                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6162194                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2532836                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2526950                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6162194                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6141037                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6141037                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6352864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6141037                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2478703                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470657                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6141037                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023360                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6268116                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6268116                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6510000                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6268116                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2493592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2483024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6268116                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023843                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6405060                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6405060                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6629284                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6405060                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2580240                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2566852                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6405060                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024364                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    10728396     29.59%     29.59% |    23711841     65.41%     95.00% |     1812123      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     36252360                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    10728396     29.59%     29.59% |    23711841     65.41%     95.00% |     1812123      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     36252360                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   335464697                       |   578301324                       |    39995479                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   363446282                       |    92118394                       |     1812128                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.268859                       |   24.388715                       |   22.071062                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   33.877038                       |    3.884911                       |    1.000003                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.308949                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    12.616470                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         38.925419                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002143                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.048886      7.41%      7.41% |    0.048582      7.36%     14.76% |    0.048524      7.35%     22.11% |    0.048314      7.32%     29.43% |    0.109142     16.53%     45.97% |    0.106752     16.17%     62.14% |    0.109072     16.52%     78.66% |    0.106705     16.16%     94.82% |    0.008546      1.29%     96.12% |    0.008548      1.29%     97.41% |    0.008549      1.29%     98.71% |    0.008548      1.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.660170                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016321                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028774                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |    0.001166                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004902                       |    0.001989                       |    0.001871                       |    0.001955                       |    0.001969                       |    0.001888                       |    0.001799                       |    0.001792                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001916                       |    0.001990                       |    0.001918                       |    0.001851                       |    0.001835                       |    0.001848                       |    0.001815                       |    0.001914                       |    0.001865                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001977                       |    0.001984                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002071                       |    0.001959                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001941                       |    0.001962                       |    0.002024                       |    0.002038                       |    0.002225                       |    0.002101                       |    0.007643                       |    0.007409                       |    0.007409                       |    0.007401                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.001030                       |    0.002265                       |    0.000155                       |    0.000157                       |    0.000155                       |    0.000155                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000157                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000151                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002104                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002075                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001771                       |    0.002012                       |    0.000152                       |    0.002327                       |    0.004799                       |    0.001694                       |           0                       |    0.002134                       |    0.005674                       |           0                       |    0.004990                       |    0.008249                       |    0.002394                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000155                       |    0.004932                       |    0.004031                       |    0.009560                       |    0.001770                       |    0.002040                       |    0.000157                       |    0.007637                       |    0.004156                       |    0.003082                       |           0                       |    0.002151                       |    0.005447                       |           0                       |    0.008120                       |    0.004571                       |    0.003071                       |           0                       |    0.002024                       |           0                       |    0.003890                       |    0.002291                       |    0.002172                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001249                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001118                       |    0.002200                       |    0.002231                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001998                       |    0.000151                       |    0.002447                       |    0.004161                       |    0.004922                       |    0.002040                       |    0.001770                       |    0.002059                       |    0.000155                       |    0.004042                       |    0.008451                       |    0.006681                       |    0.002976                       |    0.029229                       |    0.004342                       |    0.001030                       |    0.003352                       |    0.013826                       |    0.017695                       |    0.003872                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002097                       |    0.002265                       |    0.003413                       |    0.007348                       |    0.013357                       |    0.003841                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001971                       |    0.000155                       |    0.005867                       |    0.005033                       |    0.007413                       |    0.003586                       |           0                       |    0.001954                       |           0                       |    0.001916                       |    0.003779                       |    0.003835                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.002039                       |           0                       |    0.001043                       |    0.001928                       |    0.002153                       |           0                       |    0.002149                       |           0                       |    0.000190                       |    0.002071                       |    0.002072                       |           0                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.001911                       |    0.002179                       |    0.003842                       |    0.001953                       |           0                       |    0.002347                       |    0.005447                       |           0                       |    0.001702                       |    0.004977                       |    0.007453                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001898                       |    0.000152                       |    0.015052                       |    0.004914                       |    0.003236                       |    0.002004                       |    0.001770                       |    0.001900                       |    0.000157                       |    0.002257                       |    0.007432                       |    0.003669                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |    0.005444                       |           0                       |    0.002381                       |    0.008069                       |    0.004273                       |    0.002000                       |           0                       |    0.001925                       |           0                       |    0.001067                       |    0.003775                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002089                       |           0                       |    0.002069                       |           0                       |    0.000150                       |    0.001941                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |    0.002072                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001959                       |           0                       |    0.001953                       |           0                       |    0.000885                       |           0                       |    0.003588                       |           0                       |    0.001917                       |           0                       |    0.002477                       |    0.000666                       |    0.004451                       |           0                       |    0.002004                       |           0                       |    0.007153                       |    0.002192                       |    0.002026                       |           0                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.000885                       |    0.005005                       |    0.002311                       |           0                       |    0.002000                       |           0                       |    0.003831                       |    0.004311                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002089                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003939                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001962                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.660170                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6839170                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6839170                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4264010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3628379                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.093117                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          529359                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30341                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14143387                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84180                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19158226                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182122                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14227567                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19340348                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  33301613                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266302                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              33567915                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7209029                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7218679                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7209029                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7218679                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                259143806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24724714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51595914                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6839170                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4157738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             228876938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       426600                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340339                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7208355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217772                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    255161510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.363556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.517051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        237938396     93.25%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2348703      0.92%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1320186      0.52%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1068592      0.42%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1906912      0.75%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1510106      0.59%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1205341      0.47%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           745742      0.29%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7117532      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    255161510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.199101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12054776                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     230081574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6905331                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5665513                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454309                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       88136759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454309                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14422367                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       123463871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15552343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          10041410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      91227203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       86058025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2677039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     84872700                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     207869295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    136059189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      72639646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12233041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395075                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41128464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7332802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19535631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       942882                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       751944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           84314146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       512979                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          88731384                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9372148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508818                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128996                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255161510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.347746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.033875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217303757     85.16%     85.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14642185      5.74%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11532605      4.52%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3713191      1.46%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3375918      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2357782      0.92%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394792      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507158      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334122      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255161510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135460     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928753     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574088      0.65%      0.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      54516445     61.44%     62.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14146593     15.94%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19385902     21.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       88731384                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.342402                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013755                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434164749                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     94208247                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80396468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       89377771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1370514                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340567                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2710                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9252                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8037615                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454309                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5197757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115464644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84827125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7332802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19535631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       503967                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          79239                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9252                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       334954                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      88022700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13947652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             33127033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5414603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19179381                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.339667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80513390                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80396480                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          36094439                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          57484862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.310239                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.627895                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630064                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       383983                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405761                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253578803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.296537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.034790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    222334613     87.68%     87.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11580958      4.57%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11553416      4.56%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3077604      1.21%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1375646      0.54%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       526481      0.21%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674468      0.27%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551865      0.22%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1903752      0.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253578803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43650410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75195470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24775782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5992234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4941810                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74582467                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       443783                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.43%      0.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49989781     66.48%     66.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5992234      7.97%     75.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18783548     24.98%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75195470                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1903752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            336298240                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           171239724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86547                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3982296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43650410                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75195470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       5.936801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 5.936801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.168441                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.168441                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        141669687                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55160813                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27386120                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22608139                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        44418116                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2111321000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2111321000.000004                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502211                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        57.180996                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       31.360778                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      114.193960                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5262398     95.64%     95.64% |      118660      2.16%     97.80% |       84206      1.53%     99.33% |       36293      0.66%     99.99% |         651      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502211                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313441                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.785049                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.345449                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.443537                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4432195     70.20%     70.20% |     1830561     28.99%     99.20% |       39535      0.63%     99.82% |        8972      0.14%     99.97% |        1875      0.03%    100.00% |         240      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313441                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17978                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.266047                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.957646                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.118552                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         619      3.44%      3.44% |        2095     11.65%     15.10% |        8205     45.64%     60.74% |        4214     23.44%     84.18% |        2826     15.72%     99.89% |          19      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17978                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6703302                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           40.996482                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.791619                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         170.219100                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6673413     99.55%     99.55% |       23010      0.34%     99.90% |        3628      0.05%     99.95% |        2470      0.04%     99.99% |         674      0.01%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6703302                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5971043                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000603                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000520                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024933                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5967460     99.94%     99.94% |        3580      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5971043                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732259                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     350.825418                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    217.836769                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    396.831165                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      702370     95.92%     95.92% |       23010      3.14%     99.06% |        3628      0.50%     99.56% |        2470      0.34%     99.89% |         674      0.09%     99.99% |          94      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732259                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18931325                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.087789                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.753464                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          80.082883                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18910376     99.89%     99.89% |       18743      0.10%     99.99% |        1327      0.01%    100.00% |         677      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18931325                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17897673                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000097                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009834                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17895942     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17897673                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033652                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     242.701032                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    181.619176                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    251.275909                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1012703     97.97%     97.97% |       18743      1.81%     99.79% |        1327      0.13%     99.91% |         677      0.07%     99.98% |         175      0.02%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7201800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.485227                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.174798                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.742644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7198558     99.95%     99.95% |        2987      0.04%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7201800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      7076042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7076040    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      7076042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.054668                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.841101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.889596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      122516     97.42%     97.42% |        2987      2.38%     99.80% |         227      0.18%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125758                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.914531                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168684                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.671442                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287275     97.85%     97.85% |        4937      1.68%     99.53% |        1114      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264827     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.626920                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.342233                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.520733                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4937     17.24%     95.22% |        1114      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          50      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       197943                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3919995                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        72825                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    43794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    43256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    43463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    44709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    44580                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    43293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    43332                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    43898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  34062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  34600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  34393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  33147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  33276                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  34563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  34524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  33958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     9254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     9379                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     9383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     9176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     9127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     9410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     9572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     9279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles               108999315                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles               106583479                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               107826583                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles               107132409                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               105679363                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles               106360011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               108508244                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               106471968                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                34562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                34541                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                34419                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                35409                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                35258                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                34337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                33914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                35060                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              24606                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              24627                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              24749                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              23759                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              23910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              24831                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              25254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              24108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                9232                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                8715                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                9044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                9300                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                9322                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                8956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                9418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8838                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              9456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              9973                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              9644                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              9388                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              9366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              9732                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              9270                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              9850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4083855                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                4089154                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4086663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                4033449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4025044                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4087548                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4116922                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                4100694                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               3857835                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               3863916                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               3866544                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               3795926                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               3803244                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               3871561                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3880250                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               3865252                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1332705                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1367553                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              1355603                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1335172                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1310363                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1350573                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              1351095                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1352324                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          3857835                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          3863916                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          3866544                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          3795926                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          3803244                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          3871561                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3880250                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          3865252                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1332705                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1367553                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1355603                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1335172                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1310363                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1350573                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1351095                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1352324                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4023343                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            4028642                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4026151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            3972937                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            3964532                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4027036                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4056410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            4040182                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4053785                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          4070659                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4061521                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          3994174                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          3995976                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4058139                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          4077419                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4053718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             24808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             25221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             25010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             23971                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             24149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             25153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             24952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             24679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              9232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              8715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              9044                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              9300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              9322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              8956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              9418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8838                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7313                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              7536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              6587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6049                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335152     25.59%     25.59% |      324982     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.21% |      324612     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205841     25.93%     25.93% |      196045     24.69%     50.62% |      196050     24.69%     75.31% |      196030     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793966                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335177     25.59%     25.59% |      324982     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.22% |      324612     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309727                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211657     25.90%     25.90% |      201867     24.70%     50.60% |      201875     24.70%     75.30% |      201857     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121119     25.08%     25.08% |      120745     25.00%     50.08% |      120714     24.99%     75.07% |      120390     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       482968                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335152     25.59%     25.59% |      324982     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.21% |      324612     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205604     25.92%     25.92% |      195867     24.69%     50.61% |      195875     24.69%     75.31% |      195857     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121119     25.08%     25.08% |      120745     25.00%     50.08% |      120714     24.99%     75.07% |      120390     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       482968                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335152     25.59%     25.59% |      324982     24.81%     50.40% |      324956     24.81%     75.21% |      324612     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205604     25.92%     25.92% |      195867     24.69%     50.61% |      195875     24.69%     75.31% |      195857     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6235879     92.95%     92.95% |          17      0.00%     92.95% |       59148      0.88%     93.83% |       59147      0.88%     94.71% |       59147      0.88%     95.59% |       59147      0.88%     96.47% |       59145      0.88%     97.36% |       59148      0.88%     98.24% |       59144      0.88%     99.12% |       59147      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6709069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7201862    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7201862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19080921     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |       18688      0.10%     99.32% |       18688      0.10%     99.42% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.71% |       18688      0.10%     99.81% |       18688      0.10%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19230425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17922     99.83%     99.83% |          17      0.09%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           7      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297103     67.76%     67.76% |           0      0.00%     67.76% |       77153      4.03%     71.79% |       77139      4.03%     75.82% |       77142      4.03%     79.85% |       77143      4.03%     83.88% |       77142      4.03%     87.91% |       77146      4.03%     91.94% |       77163      4.03%     95.97% |       77143      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           4     17.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260095     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58966      8.06%     43.60% |       58961      8.06%     51.66% |       58962      8.06%     59.71% |       58962      8.06%     67.77% |       58962      8.06%     75.83% |       58964      8.06%     83.89% |       58971      8.06%     91.94% |       58956      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038995     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18688      1.57%     90.57% |       18685      1.57%     92.14% |       18688      1.57%     93.71% |       18687      1.57%     95.28% |       18688      1.57%     96.86% |       18687      1.57%     98.43% |       18688      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170629     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77142      4.32%     69.80% |       77137      4.31%     74.11% |       77135      4.31%     78.43% |       77135      4.31%     82.74% |       77137      4.31%     87.06% |       77140      4.31%     91.37% |       77146      4.32%     95.69% |       77126      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259978     35.53%     35.53% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58966      8.06%     43.59% |       58961      8.06%     51.65% |       58962      8.06%     59.71% |       58966      8.06%     67.77% |       58962      8.06%     75.82% |       58964      8.06%     83.88% |       58974      8.06%     91.94% |       58956      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122047    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.44% |       18685      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18687      1.76%     94.72% |       18688      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           7      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           3      0.03%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         553    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3711    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          36    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1648     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     7076042    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      7076042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4656     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3274053     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         170      0.01%     99.96% |         175      0.01%     99.97% |         174      0.01%     99.97% |         170      0.01%     99.98% |         174      0.01%     99.98% |         172      0.01%     99.99% |         162      0.00%     99.99% |         180      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3275430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1945     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194964     29.37%     29.37% |           0      0.00%     29.37% |       58600      8.83%     38.20% |       58595      8.83%     47.03% |       58596      8.83%     55.86% |       58593      8.83%     64.68% |       58596      8.83%     73.51% |       58598      8.83%     82.34% |       58621      8.83%     91.17% |       58594      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2688414    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2688414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18100757    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18100762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         261    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975665     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18542      1.65%     88.45% |       18542      1.65%     90.10% |       18539      1.65%     91.75% |       18542      1.65%     93.40% |       18541      1.65%     95.05% |       18542      1.65%     96.70% |       18525      1.65%     98.35% |       18532      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     98.30%     98.30% |           0      0.00%     98.30% |          11      0.33%     98.63% |           2      0.06%     98.69% |           7      0.21%     98.90% |           1      0.03%     98.93% |           5      0.15%     99.08% |           6      0.18%     99.26% |          14      0.42%     99.67% |          11      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260095     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58966      8.06%     43.60% |       58961      8.06%     51.66% |       58962      8.06%     59.71% |       58962      8.06%     67.77% |       58962      8.06%     75.83% |       58964      8.06%     83.89% |       58971      8.06%     91.94% |       58956      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126194    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912801     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18688      1.76%     89.45% |       18685      1.76%     91.20% |       18688      1.76%     92.96% |       18687      1.76%     94.72% |       18688      1.76%     96.48% |       18687      1.76%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.53%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |          12      0.21%     98.73% |          11      0.19%     98.92% |          11      0.19%     99.12% |          11      0.19%     99.31% |           9      0.16%     99.46% |          12      0.21%     99.67% |           8      0.14%     99.81% |          11      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170629     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77142      4.32%     69.80% |       77137      4.31%     74.11% |       77135      4.31%     78.43% |       77135      4.31%     82.74% |       77137      4.31%     87.06% |       77140      4.31%     91.37% |       77146      4.32%     95.69% |       77126      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3725      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3751      2.98%     20.65% |        3350      2.66%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.50% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3368      2.68%     61.50% |        3139      2.50%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3420      2.72%     72.58% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4111      3.27%     88.24% |        5239      4.16%     92.40% |        5091      4.05%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114162     15.59%     15.59% |       20774      2.84%     18.43% |       18706      2.55%     20.98% |       21409      2.92%     23.90% |       20938      2.86%     26.76% |       19811      2.71%     29.47% |       18236      2.49%     31.96% |       18195      2.48%     34.44% |       20752      2.83%     37.28% |       19037      2.60%     39.88% |       22413      3.06%     42.94% |       20502      2.80%     45.74% |       19006      2.60%     48.33% |       18491      2.52%     50.86% |       18191      2.48%     53.34% |       18191      2.48%     55.82% |       20288      2.77%     58.59% |       18684      2.55%     61.15% |       18868      2.58%     63.72% |       19913      2.72%     66.44% |       19860      2.71%     69.15% |       26179      3.57%     72.73% |       23102      3.15%     75.88% |       19551      2.67%     78.55% |       19512      2.66%     81.22% |       18929      2.58%     83.80% |       18457      2.52%     86.32% |       18164      2.48%     88.80% |       20082      2.74%     91.54% |       19391      2.65%     94.19% |       21166      2.89%     97.08% |       21372      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732332                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30805      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30305      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34687      3.27%     63.16% |       37258      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33994      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062330                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171542      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49095      2.75%     15.37% |       52805      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49324      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51356      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53877      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50390      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.55% |       53823      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63142      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53305      2.98%     78.31% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52122      2.92%     87.02% |       55325      3.09%     90.12% |       54977      3.08%     93.19% |       63283      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34180      4.31%      4.31% |       24461      3.08%      7.39% |       24479      3.09%     10.48% |       24471      3.09%     13.57% |       24460      3.08%     16.65% |       24459      3.08%     19.74% |       24465      3.09%     22.82% |       24466      3.09%     25.91% |       24490      3.09%     28.99% |       24487      3.09%     32.08% |       24487      3.09%     35.17% |       24494      3.09%     38.26% |       24474      3.09%     41.34% |       24481      3.09%     44.43% |       24478      3.09%     47.52% |       24472      3.09%     50.60% |       24502      3.09%     53.69% |       24486      3.09%     56.78% |       24493      3.09%     59.87% |       24489      3.09%     62.96% |       24476      3.09%     66.04% |       24495      3.09%     69.13% |       24486      3.09%     72.22% |       24477      3.09%     75.31% |       24488      3.09%     78.40% |       24487      3.09%     81.48% |       24480      3.09%     84.57% |       24475      3.09%     87.66% |       24479      3.09%     90.74% |       24463      3.08%     93.83% |       24472      3.09%     96.91% |       24475      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       793027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15530      3.21%      3.21% |       15099      3.13%      6.34% |       15111      3.13%      9.47% |       15083      3.12%     12.59% |       15058      3.12%     15.71% |       15024      3.11%     18.82% |       15063      3.12%     21.93% |       15070      3.12%     25.05% |       15108      3.13%     28.18% |       15063      3.12%     31.30% |       15115      3.13%     34.43% |       15067      3.12%     37.54% |       15140      3.13%     40.68% |       15110      3.13%     43.80% |       15107      3.13%     46.93% |       15054      3.12%     50.05% |       15078      3.12%     53.17% |       15100      3.13%     56.29% |       15111      3.13%     59.42% |       15052      3.12%     62.54% |       15088      3.12%     65.66% |       15139      3.13%     68.79% |       15072      3.12%     71.91% |       15035      3.11%     75.02% |       15121      3.13%     78.15% |       15171      3.14%     81.29% |       15104      3.13%     84.42% |       15032      3.11%     87.53% |       15051      3.12%     90.65% |       15087      3.12%     93.77% |       15066      3.12%     96.89% |       15035      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483144                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50822      3.88%      3.88% |       40608      3.10%      6.98% |       40636      3.10%     10.08% |       40600      3.10%     13.18% |       40563      3.10%     16.28% |       40528      3.09%     19.38% |       40574      3.10%     22.47% |       40582      3.10%     25.57% |       40644      3.10%     28.67% |       40596      3.10%     31.77% |       40647      3.10%     34.88% |       40606      3.10%     37.98% |       40659      3.10%     41.08% |       40636      3.10%     44.19% |       40630      3.10%     47.29% |       40571      3.10%     50.39% |       40625      3.10%     53.49% |       40632      3.10%     56.59% |       40650      3.10%     59.69% |       40587      3.10%     62.79% |       40610      3.10%     65.89% |       40681      3.11%     69.00% |       40604      3.10%     72.10% |       40557      3.10%     75.20% |       40654      3.10%     78.30% |       40705      3.11%     81.41% |       40630      3.10%     84.51% |       40552      3.10%     87.61% |       40575      3.10%     90.70% |       40596      3.10%     93.80% |       40585      3.10%     96.90% |       40557      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49798      3.90%      3.90% |       39584      3.10%      7.00% |       39612      3.10%     10.10% |       39576      3.10%     13.20% |       39539      3.10%     16.30% |       39504      3.09%     19.39% |       39550      3.10%     22.49% |       39558      3.10%     25.59% |       39620      3.10%     28.69% |       39572      3.10%     31.79% |       39623      3.10%     34.89% |       39582      3.10%     37.99% |       39635      3.10%     41.09% |       39612      3.10%     44.20% |       39606      3.10%     47.30% |       39547      3.10%     50.40% |       39601      3.10%     53.50% |       39608      3.10%     56.60% |       39626      3.10%     59.70% |       39563      3.10%     62.80% |       39586      3.10%     65.90% |       39657      3.11%     69.01% |       39580      3.10%     72.11% |       39533      3.10%     75.20% |       39630      3.10%     78.30% |       39681      3.11%     81.41% |       39606      3.10%     84.51% |       39528      3.10%     87.61% |       39551      3.10%     90.71% |       39572      3.10%     93.81% |       39561      3.10%     96.90% |       39533      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     20.58%     20.58% |           6      2.17%     22.74% |           9      3.25%     25.99% |           6      2.17%     28.16% |           7      2.53%     30.69% |           3      1.08%     31.77% |           4      1.44%     33.21% |           6      2.17%     35.38% |           7      2.53%     37.91% |           5      1.81%     39.71% |           8      2.89%     42.60% |           5      1.81%     44.40% |           7      2.53%     46.93% |           4      1.44%     48.38% |           5      1.81%     50.18% |           5      1.81%     51.99% |           5      1.81%     53.79% |           6      2.17%     55.96% |           9      3.25%     59.21% |           8      2.89%     62.09% |          24      8.66%     70.76% |          23      8.30%     79.06% |           5      1.81%     80.87% |           6      2.17%     83.03% |           6      2.17%     85.20% |           5      1.81%     87.00% |           6      2.17%     89.17% |           6      2.17%     91.34% |           7      2.53%     93.86% |           6      2.17%     96.03% |           6      2.17%     98.19% |           5      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          277                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         579      3.28%      3.28% |         518      2.93%      6.21% |         504      2.85%      9.06% |         511      2.89%     11.95% |         506      2.86%     14.82% |         495      2.80%     17.62% |         532      3.01%     20.63% |         546      3.09%     23.72% |         563      3.19%     26.91% |         501      2.84%     29.74% |         558      3.16%     32.90% |         557      3.15%     36.05% |         605      3.42%     39.48% |         583      3.30%     42.78% |         573      3.24%     46.02% |         554      3.14%     49.15% |         574      3.25%     52.40% |         593      3.36%     55.76% |         586      3.32%     59.08% |         541      3.06%     62.14% |         529      2.99%     65.13% |         612      3.46%     68.59% |         553      3.13%     71.72% |         525      2.97%     74.70% |         581      3.29%     77.98% |         639      3.62%     81.60% |         583      3.30%     84.90% |         527      2.98%     87.88% |         509      2.88%     90.76% |         567      3.21%     93.97% |         546      3.09%     97.06% |         519      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17669                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171803      9.58%      9.58% |       54293      3.03%     12.60% |       49297      2.75%     15.35% |       53000      2.95%     18.30% |       53511      2.98%     21.29% |       49522      2.76%     24.05% |       45956      2.56%     26.61% |       45965      2.56%     29.17% |       51551      2.87%     32.04% |       49819      2.78%     34.82% |       54083      3.01%     37.83% |       51032      2.84%     40.68% |       48294      2.69%     43.37% |       46918      2.62%     45.99% |       47890      2.67%     48.66% |       46619      2.60%     51.25% |       50584      2.82%     54.07% |       48374      2.70%     56.77% |       49906      2.78%     59.55% |       54020      3.01%     62.56% |       54529      3.04%     65.60% |       63388      3.53%     69.13% |       58003      3.23%     72.37% |       53244      2.97%     75.33% |       53500      2.98%     78.32% |       51445      2.87%     81.18% |       52511      2.93%     84.11% |       52306      2.92%     87.03% |       55514      3.09%     90.12% |       55169      3.07%     93.20% |       63481      3.54%     96.73% |       58595      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.36% |         491      3.13%     23.49% |         505      3.22%     26.71% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.65% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.67% |         510      3.25%     45.92% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         484      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         518      3.30%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         522      3.33%     84.77% |         479      3.05%     87.82% |         457      2.91%     90.73% |         512      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25559      5.07%      5.07% |       15490      3.07%      8.14% |       15524      3.08%     11.22% |       15472      3.07%     14.29% |       15443      3.06%     17.35% |       15424      3.06%     20.41% |       15427      3.06%     23.47% |       15425      3.06%     26.52% |       15458      3.07%     29.59% |       15471      3.07%     32.66% |       15497      3.07%     35.73% |       15421      3.06%     38.79% |       15434      3.06%     41.85% |       15442      3.06%     44.91% |       15451      3.06%     47.97% |       15417      3.06%     51.03% |       15427      3.06%     54.09% |       15420      3.06%     57.15% |       15444      3.06%     60.21% |       15428      3.06%     63.27% |       15447      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.07%     69.40% |       15457      3.07%     72.46% |       15433      3.06%     75.52% |       15450      3.06%     78.59% |       15447      3.06%     81.65% |       15425      3.06%     84.71% |       15403      3.05%     87.76% |       15447      3.06%     90.83% |       15412      3.06%     93.88% |       15416      3.06%     96.94% |       15435      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24760      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24700      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         454      2.89%      6.14% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         451      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.58% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         481      3.07%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         524      3.34%     84.80% |         478      3.05%     87.85% |         455      2.90%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88537     38.92%     38.92% |        5262      2.31%     41.23% |        3168      1.39%     42.62% |        5909      2.60%     45.22% |        5484      2.41%     47.63% |        4301      1.89%     49.52% |        2791      1.23%     50.75% |        2762      1.21%     51.96% |        5288      2.32%     54.29% |        3565      1.57%     55.85% |        6884      3.03%     58.88% |        5073      2.23%     61.11% |        3567      1.57%     62.68% |        3043      1.34%     64.02% |        2703      1.19%     65.20% |        2770      1.22%     66.42% |        4852      2.13%     68.55% |        3258      1.43%     69.99% |        3360      1.48%     71.46% |        4467      1.96%     73.43% |        4413      1.94%     75.37% |       10684      4.70%     80.06% |        7632      3.35%     83.42% |        4112      1.81%     85.23% |        4055      1.78%     87.01% |        3481      1.53%     88.54% |        3029      1.33%     89.87% |        2758      1.21%     91.08% |        4630      2.04%     93.12% |        3979      1.75%     94.87% |        5745      2.53%     97.39% |        5934      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227496                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32943     12.09%     12.09% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.52% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6123      2.25%     29.36% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.18% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.02% |        3762      1.38%     39.40% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.64% |        5622      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.90% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9308      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.87%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34178      4.31%      4.31% |       24457      3.08%      7.39% |       24473      3.09%     10.48% |       24467      3.09%     13.57% |       24458      3.08%     16.65% |       24452      3.08%     19.73% |       24460      3.08%     22.82% |       24465      3.09%     25.90% |       24489      3.09%     28.99% |       24485      3.09%     32.08% |       24483      3.09%     35.17% |       24492      3.09%     38.26% |       24471      3.09%     41.34% |       24480      3.09%     44.43% |       24476      3.09%     47.52% |       24471      3.09%     50.60% |       24501      3.09%     53.69% |       24485      3.09%     56.78% |       24489      3.09%     59.87% |       24488      3.09%     62.96% |       24473      3.09%     66.04% |       24490      3.09%     69.13% |       24482      3.09%     72.22% |       24475      3.09%     75.31% |       24487      3.09%     78.40% |       24484      3.09%     81.48% |       24479      3.09%     84.57% |       24473      3.09%     87.66% |       24475      3.09%     90.74% |       24460      3.08%     93.83% |       24470      3.09%     96.91% |       24473      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14950      3.21%      3.21% |       14579      3.13%      6.35% |       14605      3.14%      9.48% |       14571      3.13%     12.62% |       14548      3.13%     15.74% |       14533      3.12%     18.86% |       14533      3.12%     21.99% |       14520      3.12%     25.11% |       14540      3.12%     28.23% |       14560      3.13%     31.36% |       14554      3.13%     34.49% |       14508      3.12%     37.61% |       14532      3.12%     40.73% |       14525      3.12%     43.85% |       14532      3.12%     46.97% |       14497      3.12%     50.09% |       14501      3.12%     53.20% |       14503      3.12%     56.32% |       14521      3.12%     59.44% |       14504      3.12%     62.56% |       14538      3.12%     65.68% |       14509      3.12%     68.80% |       14518      3.12%     71.92% |       14506      3.12%     75.04% |       14535      3.12%     78.16% |       14530      3.12%     81.28% |       14516      3.12%     84.40% |       14501      3.12%     87.52% |       14539      3.12%     90.64% |       14517      3.12%     93.76% |       14516      3.12%     96.88% |       14513      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           1      4.35%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           1      4.35%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171535      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.62% |       49095      2.75%     15.37% |       52805      2.95%     18.32% |       53317      2.98%     21.30% |       49324      2.76%     24.06% |       45765      2.56%     26.62% |       45774      2.56%     29.18% |       51356      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.83% |       53877      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     45.99% |       47693      2.67%     48.66% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50390      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.55% |       53823      3.01%     62.56% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63142      3.53%     69.13% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.33% |       53305      2.98%     78.31% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52122      2.92%     87.02% |       55325      3.09%     90.12% |       54977      3.08%     93.19% |       63283      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787727                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          70      3.33%      3.33% |          66      3.14%      6.48% |          68      3.24%      9.72% |          63      3.00%     12.72% |          59      2.81%     15.53% |          59      2.81%     18.34% |          58      2.76%     21.11% |          60      2.86%     23.96% |          64      3.05%     27.01% |          61      2.91%     29.92% |          73      3.48%     33.40% |          60      2.86%     36.26% |          59      2.81%     39.07% |          63      3.00%     42.07% |          66      3.14%     45.21% |          67      3.19%     48.40% |          64      3.05%     51.45% |          65      3.10%     54.55% |          61      2.91%     57.46% |          67      3.19%     60.65% |          77      3.67%     64.32% |         106      5.05%     69.37% |          75      3.57%     72.94% |          77      3.67%     76.61% |          65      3.10%     79.70% |          62      2.95%     82.66% |          64      3.05%     85.71% |          53      2.53%     88.23% |          57      2.72%     90.95% |          59      2.81%     93.76% |          64      3.05%     96.81% |          67      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     30.56%     30.56% |           6     16.67%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |          10     27.78%     75.00% |           3      8.33%     83.33% |           6     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      1.56%      1.56% |           1      1.56%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           1      1.56%      4.69% |           0      0.00%      4.69% |          15     23.44%     28.12% |           2      3.12%     31.25% |           1      1.56%     32.81% |           1      1.56%     34.38% |           2      3.12%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1      1.56%     39.06% |           0      0.00%     39.06% |           0      0.00%     39.06% |          25     39.06%     78.12% |           9     14.06%     92.19% |           1      1.56%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      1.56%     95.31% |           2      3.12%     98.44% |           0      0.00%     98.44% |           0      0.00%     98.44% |           0      0.00%     98.44% |           0      0.00%     98.44% |           1      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49798      3.90%      3.90% |       39584      3.10%      7.00% |       39612      3.10%     10.10% |       39576      3.10%     13.20% |       39539      3.10%     16.30% |       39504      3.09%     19.39% |       39550      3.10%     22.49% |       39558      3.10%     25.59% |       39620      3.10%     28.69% |       39572      3.10%     31.79% |       39623      3.10%     34.89% |       39582      3.10%     37.99% |       39635      3.10%     41.09% |       39612      3.10%     44.20% |       39606      3.10%     47.30% |       39547      3.10%     50.40% |       39601      3.10%     53.50% |       39608      3.10%     56.60% |       39626      3.10%     59.70% |       39563      3.10%     62.80% |       39586      3.10%     65.90% |       39657      3.11%     69.01% |       39580      3.10%     72.11% |       39533      3.10%     75.20% |       39630      3.10%     78.30% |       39681      3.11%     81.41% |       39606      3.10%     84.51% |       39528      3.10%     87.61% |       39551      3.10%     90.71% |       39572      3.10%     93.81% |       39561      3.10%     96.90% |       39533      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           3     33.33%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           4     44.44%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     25.00%     25.00% |          12     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.27%      2.27% |           5      2.84%      5.11% |           5      2.84%      7.95% |           5      2.84%     10.80% |           6      3.41%     14.20% |           3      1.70%     15.91% |           3      1.70%     17.61% |           5      2.84%     20.45% |           6      3.41%     23.86% |           4      2.27%     26.14% |           5      2.84%     28.98% |           4      2.27%     31.25% |           5      2.84%     34.09% |           3      1.70%     35.80% |           4      2.27%     38.07% |           4      2.27%     40.34% |           4      2.27%     42.61% |           5      2.84%     45.45% |           6      3.41%     48.86% |           7      3.98%     52.84% |          22     12.50%     65.34% |          21     11.93%     77.27% |           3      1.70%     78.98% |           5      2.84%     81.82% |           5      2.84%     84.66% |           4      2.27%     86.93% |           5      2.84%     89.77% |           4      2.27%     92.05% |           3      1.70%     93.75% |           3      1.70%     95.45% |           4      2.27%     97.73% |           4      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          66      3.43%      3.43% |          61      3.17%      6.60% |          63      3.28%      9.88% |          58      3.02%     12.90% |          53      2.76%     15.65% |          56      2.91%     18.56% |          55      2.86%     21.42% |          55      2.86%     24.28% |          58      3.02%     27.30% |          57      2.96%     30.27% |          68      3.54%     33.80% |          56      2.91%     36.71% |          54      2.81%     39.52% |          60      3.12%     42.64% |          62      3.22%     45.87% |          63      3.28%     49.14% |          60      3.12%     52.26% |          60      3.12%     55.38% |          55      2.86%     58.24% |          60      3.12%     61.36% |          55      2.86%     64.22% |          85      4.42%     68.64% |          72      3.74%     72.39% |          72      3.74%     76.13% |          60      3.12%     79.25% |          58      3.02%     82.27% |          59      3.07%     85.34% |          49      2.55%     87.88% |          54      2.81%     90.69% |          56      2.91%     93.60% |          60      3.12%     96.72% |          63      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1923                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         510      3.25%      3.25% |         454      2.89%      6.14% |         438      2.79%      8.94% |         449      2.86%     11.80% |         451      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.58% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.10% |         481      3.07%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         521      3.32%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         524      3.34%     84.80% |         478      3.05%     87.85% |         455      2.90%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25559      5.07%      5.07% |       15490      3.07%      8.14% |       15524      3.08%     11.22% |       15472      3.07%     14.29% |       15443      3.06%     17.35% |       15424      3.06%     20.41% |       15427      3.06%     23.47% |       15425      3.06%     26.52% |       15458      3.07%     29.59% |       15471      3.07%     32.66% |       15497      3.07%     35.73% |       15421      3.06%     38.79% |       15434      3.06%     41.85% |       15442      3.06%     44.91% |       15451      3.06%     47.97% |       15417      3.06%     51.03% |       15427      3.06%     54.09% |       15420      3.06%     57.15% |       15444      3.06%     60.21% |       15428      3.06%     63.27% |       15447      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.07%     69.40% |       15457      3.07%     72.46% |       15433      3.06%     75.52% |       15450      3.06%     78.59% |       15447      3.06%     81.65% |       15425      3.06%     84.71% |       15403      3.05%     87.76% |       15447      3.06%     90.83% |       15412      3.06%     93.88% |       15416      3.06%     96.94% |       15435      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.36% |         491      3.13%     23.49% |         505      3.22%     26.71% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.65% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.67% |         510      3.25%     45.92% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         484      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         518      3.30%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         522      3.33%     84.77% |         479      3.05%     87.82% |         457      2.91%     90.73% |         512      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24760      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24700      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171801      9.58%      9.58% |       54289      3.03%     12.60% |       49292      2.75%     15.35% |       52997      2.95%     18.30% |       53511      2.98%     21.29% |       49522      2.76%     24.05% |       45956      2.56%     26.61% |       45965      2.56%     29.17% |       51550      2.87%     32.04% |       49818      2.78%     34.82% |       54083      3.01%     37.83% |       51031      2.84%     40.68% |       48288      2.69%     43.37% |       46918      2.62%     45.99% |       47888      2.67%     48.66% |       46619      2.60%     51.25% |       50584      2.82%     54.07% |       48374      2.70%     56.77% |       49899      2.78%     59.55% |       54015      3.01%     62.56% |       54528      3.04%     65.60% |       63388      3.53%     69.13% |       58003      3.23%     72.37% |       53244      2.97%     75.33% |       53499      2.98%     78.32% |       51444      2.87%     81.18% |       52510      2.93%     84.11% |       52305      2.92%     87.03% |       55509      3.09%     90.12% |       55169      3.08%     93.20% |       63480      3.54%     96.73% |       58595      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           7     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      270769     22.74%     22.74% |      595335     50.00%     72.74% |       40747      3.42%     76.16% |       41265      3.47%     79.63% |       40697      3.42%     83.05% |       40823      3.43%     86.48% |       40074      3.37%     89.84% |       41348      3.47%     93.31% |       40030      3.36%     96.68% |       39582      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1190670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      270769     22.74%     22.74% |      595335     50.00%     72.74% |       40747      3.42%     76.16% |       41265      3.47%     79.63% |       40697      3.42%     83.05% |       40823      3.43%     86.48% |       40074      3.37%     89.84% |       41348      3.47%     93.31% |       40030      3.36%     96.68% |       39582      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1190670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      270769     22.74%     22.74% |      595335     50.00%     72.74% |       40747      3.42%     76.16% |       41265      3.47%     79.63% |       40697      3.42%     83.05% |       40823      3.43%     86.48% |       40074      3.37%     89.84% |       41348      3.47%     93.31% |       40030      3.36%     96.68% |       39582      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1190670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      270769     22.74%     22.74% |      595335     50.00%     72.74% |       40747      3.42%     76.16% |       41265      3.47%     79.63% |       40697      3.42%     83.05% |       40823      3.43%     86.48% |       40074      3.37%     89.84% |       41348      3.47%     93.31% |       40030      3.36%     96.68% |       39582      3.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1190670                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
