
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130685142000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306853220500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  15997                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27618                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48954773                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3699168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2669.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42703764                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73726538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21449408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21449408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13545024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13545024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164130426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164130426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103646243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103646243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267776669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267776669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335147                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211641                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211641                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21448320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13544832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21449408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13545024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    99088                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3088                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130684555500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335147                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211641                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                102074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       152525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.425261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.142379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   190.642054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51679     33.88%     33.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30584     20.05%     53.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52945     34.71%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5997      3.93%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4074      2.67%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2295      1.50%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1349      0.88%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1055      0.69%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2547      1.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       152525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.855791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.899322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37822     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.592823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.406101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.885141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34449     91.04%     91.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2257      5.96%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          695      1.84%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          440      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33665495766                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            39949183266                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   100455.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              119205.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  255253                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 138989                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    239004.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98279461500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              583594200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              569494800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              318429375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              310736250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314198600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299807600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688402800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683011440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49693969710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49259954610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819606500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35200321500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95953872225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95858997240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.239639                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.513655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20800256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20800256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12917888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12917888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       325004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             325004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159163128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159163128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98847411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98847411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258010540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258010540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     325004                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201842                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   325004                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201842                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20798976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12917888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20800256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12917888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    60479                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2502                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130684294500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               325004                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201842                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 64677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       126184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.200913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.951707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.986640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25361     20.10%     20.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29665     23.51%     43.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53022     42.02%     85.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5895      4.67%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4357      3.45%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2301      1.82%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1475      1.17%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1051      0.83%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3057      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       126184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.992363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.123916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36102     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           36      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.585003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.393906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.912658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32849     90.89%     90.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2119      5.86%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          743      2.06%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          429      1.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28692597258                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34786047258                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    88289.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              107039.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255741                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144898                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248050.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549072750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97772005750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              485042040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              468909000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              264655875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              255853125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275783600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259083800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656877600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            651026160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49132795590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48188348055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35311864500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36140327250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95662690245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95499218430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.011512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.760625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12918528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12918528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159145988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159145988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98852309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98852309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    257998296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           257998296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201852                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324969                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20797056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12918336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20798016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12918528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    55061                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2491                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130685038500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324969                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201852                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  3976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  4077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 59297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       126000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.581968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.335506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.684412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25473     20.22%     20.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28793     22.85%     43.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53658     42.59%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5808      4.61%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4460      3.54%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2293      1.82%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1426      1.13%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          994      0.79%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3095      2.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       126000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.994602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.229662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36082     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           40      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.587670                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.923036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32808     90.82%     90.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2148      5.95%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          736      2.04%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          432      1.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28237879608                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34330767108                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    86898.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              105648.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255535                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145267                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248063.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403914750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97917309750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              484180200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              468379800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              264185625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              255564375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275495000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259138400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656799840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            651181680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48864414510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47932609860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547286500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36364659000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95628032715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95467204155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.746313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.515652                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20776960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20776960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12917120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12917120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158984868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158984868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98841535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98841535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257826402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257826402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324640                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201830                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20776128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12917056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20776960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12917120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    50962                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2310                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130684308000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201830                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  4076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  4010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  4177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  4075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 55243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       125146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.229987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.279520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   197.750005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24547     19.61%     19.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28830     23.04%     42.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53721     42.93%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5886      4.70%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4336      3.46%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2246      1.79%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1468      1.17%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          995      0.80%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3117      2.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       125146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.981351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.590311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36107     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           31      0.09%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.584489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.393449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.915143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32852     90.90%     90.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2142      5.93%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          706      1.95%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          441      1.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 27917198943                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34003955193                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    85997.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              104747.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  255360                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145949                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248227.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931106750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98389747000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              480808440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              465295320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              262345875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              253881375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273708800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258366200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656702640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            651149280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48638065230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47886875910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35745838500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36404776500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95593140525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95456015625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.479317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.430037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11834316                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.995846                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.431321                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                63.264159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11640813     98.36%     98.36% |      126688      1.07%     99.44% |       55561      0.47%     99.90% |       10838      0.09%    100.00% |         415      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11834316                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31867829                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.116507                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.519864                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.808553                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29975129     94.06%     94.06% |     1296125      4.07%     98.13% |       22402      0.07%     98.20% |       25481      0.08%     98.28% |       22529      0.07%     98.35% |       33916      0.11%     98.46% |       52883      0.17%     98.62% |      138573      0.43%     99.06% |      300791      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31867829                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31867828                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              24.456616                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.873203                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            138.393150                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31715406     99.52%     99.52% |      132114      0.41%     99.94% |       14794      0.05%     99.98% |        4318      0.01%    100.00% |        1062      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31867828                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29947364                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000182                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013508                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29941933     99.98%     99.98% |        5423      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29947364                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920464                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        359.044328                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       207.890328                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       445.744202                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1768042     92.06%     92.06% |      132114      6.88%     98.94% |       14794      0.77%     99.71% |        4318      0.22%     99.94% |        1062      0.06%     99.99% |         126      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920464                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         113516                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       113516                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          188                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          111                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          116                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           99                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23033322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173412                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24206734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6912732                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125753                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7038485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       329712                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44952                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       119829                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085480                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70089                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        16135                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        15636                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        15955                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        82507                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        82688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        16754                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        16025                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        15658                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        72960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        15567                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        15947                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175860                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50389                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52650                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52769                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61598                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56675                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57218                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40712                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55298                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40598                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56482                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63068                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49719                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18628789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18628789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18889862                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18628789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7765535                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7751777                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18628789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071274                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7613421                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7613421                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7835755                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7613421                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3556275                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3540381                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7613421                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029129                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5801851                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5801851                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6075679                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5801851                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2332377                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2310099                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5801851                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022198                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4838330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4838330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5097814                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4838330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2015431                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1997798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4838330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018511                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6737827                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6737827                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7024086                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6737827                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3196985                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3152791                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6737827                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025779                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6776190                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6776190                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7053013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6776190                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3145241                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3122754                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6776190                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025926                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7578190                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7578190                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7921428                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7578190                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2871610                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2844802                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7578190                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028994                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4956818                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4956818                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5280530                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4956818                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2032134                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2007302                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4956818                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.018965                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3249968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3249968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3390102                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3249968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1411549                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1394620                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3249968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012434                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4498632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4498632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4726529                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4498632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2097934                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2070824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4498632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017212                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3132437                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3132437                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3225795                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3132437                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1264783                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1258381                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3132437                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011985                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2723753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2723753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2747300                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2723753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1086946                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1086217                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2723753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010421                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3796986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3796986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3829646                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3796986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1679901                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1678986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3796986                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014527                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890903                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890903                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2916657                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890903                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1168397                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167643                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890903                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011061                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1683947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1683947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1707205                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1683947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       656209                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       655443                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1683947                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006443                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2497613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2497613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2543792                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2497613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988332                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       985789                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2497613                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009556                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515223                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515223                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565851                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515223                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299504                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1296959                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515223                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013449                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2672663                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2672663                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2729884                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2672663                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025827                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022375                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2672663                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010226                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2670696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2670696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2741355                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2670696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1072031                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1066620                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2670696                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010218                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584558                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584558                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1601971                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584558                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628427                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627670                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584558                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006063                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1449525                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1449525                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453817                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1449525                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       631963                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       631873                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1449525                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005546                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050923                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050923                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2056794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050923                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957476                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956767                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050923                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007847                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1710751                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742818                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742680                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006519                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059673                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059673                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059673                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059673                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433969                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433969                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059673                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1392786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1392786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1397629                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1392786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       580077                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       579990                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1392786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005329                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1883737                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1883737                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1889662                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1883737                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       863599                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862989                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1883737                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007207                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1645535                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702570                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702441                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006270                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060982                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060982                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060982                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060982                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431914                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431914                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060982                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6116646                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6116646                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6504821                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6116646                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2498433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2486746                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6116646                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023402                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6138939                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6138939                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6435358                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6138939                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2483202                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2467239                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6138939                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6265339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6265339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6609534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6265339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2496020                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2482163                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6265339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023971                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6416924                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6416924                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6739554                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6416924                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2590433                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2570916                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6416924                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024551                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9833470     27.81%     27.81% |    23712457     67.06%     94.87% |     1812333      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35358260                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9833470     27.81%     27.81% |    23712457     67.06%     94.87% |     1812333      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35358260                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   322121438                       |   576950573                       |    40190274                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   261479002                       |    95381892                       |     1812333                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.757657                       |   24.331117                       |   22.175988                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   26.590715                       |    4.022438                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.564155                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    10.143973                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.708127                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002117                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046093      7.07%      7.07% |    0.045884      7.04%     14.11% |    0.045822      7.03%     21.14% |    0.045634      7.00%     28.14% |    0.109775     16.84%     44.98% |    0.107380     16.47%     61.45% |    0.109681     16.82%     78.27% |    0.107248     16.45%     94.73% |    0.008593      1.32%     96.04% |    0.008596      1.32%     97.36% |    0.008593      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008594      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.651892                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016144                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028942                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001246                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001100                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004932                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001810                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002213                       |    0.002084                       |    0.001971                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002050                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007687                       |    0.007453                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007445                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000131                       |    0.000566                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000059                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000062                       |    0.000053                       |    0.000060                       |    0.000043                       |    0.000049                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001669                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000043                       |    0.002332                       |    0.004669                       |    0.001697                       |           0                       |    0.002147                       |    0.005706                       |           0                       |    0.004998                       |    0.008150                       |    0.002401                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000054                       |    0.004943                       |    0.003819                       |    0.009608                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000059                       |    0.007667                       |    0.004170                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.008157                       |    0.004579                       |    0.003110                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.003912                       |    0.002295                       |    0.002178                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001250                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001127                       |    0.002213                       |    0.002245                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000049                       |    0.002270                       |    0.004194                       |    0.004855                       |    0.002052                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002071                       |    0.000054                       |    0.004067                       |    0.008286                       |    0.006527                       |    0.002993                       |    0.029400                       |    0.004368                       |    0.000131                       |    0.003272                       |    0.013603                       |    0.016704                       |    0.003795                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000566                       |    0.003337                       |    0.005993                       |    0.013358                       |    0.003766                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001983                       |    0.000062                       |    0.005903                       |    0.005004                       |    0.007475                       |    0.003607                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001929                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003867                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001051                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002166                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000191                       |    0.002084                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.001867                       |    0.002191                       |    0.003871                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005478                       |           0                       |    0.001712                       |    0.004986                       |    0.007506                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001910                       |    0.000053                       |    0.015141                       |    0.004925                       |    0.003168                       |    0.002016                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000060                       |    0.002072                       |    0.007462                       |    0.003708                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005475                       |           0                       |    0.002450                       |    0.008106                       |    0.004298                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001937                       |           0                       |    0.001073                       |    0.003797                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000151                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001971                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000862                       |           0                       |    0.003616                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |           0                       |    0.002492                       |    0.000649                       |    0.004488                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |           0                       |    0.007195                       |    0.002187                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005021                       |    0.002342                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003881                       |    0.004326                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003962                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.651892                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6741191                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6741191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4198663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3563056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.861681                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30341                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13663062                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84170                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18897048                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182127                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13747232                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19079175                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32560110                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266297                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32826407                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7045715                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9651                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7055366                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7045715                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9651                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7055366                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257623446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24237566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50648772                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6741191                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4059744                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227793057                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       429250                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340348                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7045041                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3870                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253593648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236664401     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2299752      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1303884      0.51%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052293      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1853829      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497875      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1152249      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741660      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7027705      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253593648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12000760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228751263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6896824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5490320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454474                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86667216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454474                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14327564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122704472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15554839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9918848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90633444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84588503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2124003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83696877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204407364                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133446540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71464498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395077                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40184052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7104181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19274391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       779654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       588795                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82877355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480331                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87195670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371465                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128991                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253593648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216600528     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14109889      5.56%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11420888      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3570304      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3338484      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2317555      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394743      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507132      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334125      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253593648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135412     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928723     76.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156282     12.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574089      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53536981     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13851514     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19124730     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87195670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338462                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220417                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013996                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429525378                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92738119                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78927120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87841979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1239911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9246                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       751987                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7811699                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454474                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5084502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437282                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83357686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7104181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19274391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9246                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472325                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86487015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13652592                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32570795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5316646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18918203                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79044207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78927132                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35237402                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55616019                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252010847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221223700     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11352463      4.50%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11520745      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3044930      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343002      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       493833      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674453      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551867      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1805854      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252010847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42703763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73726535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24286137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5763733                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4843881                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73113532                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49010491     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5763733      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18522404     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73726535                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1805854                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333358783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168300968                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4029798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42703763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73726535                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.032804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.032804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165760                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165760                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138924746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54050595                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27190203                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22542818                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43698590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1351141000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1351140999.999998                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502506                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        49.591732                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.968251                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       90.413937                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5309004     96.48%     96.48% |      126687      2.30%     98.79% |       55561      1.01%     99.80% |       10838      0.20%     99.99% |         415      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502506                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313752                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.060283                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.706538                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.906652                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4362643     69.10%     69.10% |     1919010     30.39%     99.49% |       28188      0.45%     99.94% |        3266      0.05%     99.99% |         553      0.01%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313752                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18058                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.348433                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.034253                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.150134                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         619      3.43%      3.43% |        2074     11.49%     14.91% |        8151     45.14%     60.05% |        4328     23.97%     84.02% |        2861     15.84%     99.86% |          22      0.12%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18058                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5864277                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           69.106755                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.309013                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         262.962815                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5756597     98.16%     98.16% |       92760      1.58%     99.75% |       10599      0.18%     99.93% |        3355      0.06%     99.98% |         851      0.01%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5864277                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5131871                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000701                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000604                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026546                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5128286     99.93%     99.93% |        3577      0.07%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5131871                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732406                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     532.303045                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    289.301702                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    555.427568                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      624726     85.30%     85.30% |       92760     12.67%     97.96% |       10599      1.45%     99.41% |        3355      0.46%     99.87% |         851      0.12%     99.98% |         111      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732406                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18670181                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.128147                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.774833                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         100.265158                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18625470     99.76%     99.76% |       39325      0.21%     99.97% |        4193      0.02%     99.99% |         963      0.01%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18670181                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17636546                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009907                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17634815     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17636546                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033635                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     276.252661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    190.168930                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    333.245421                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      988924     95.67%     95.67% |       39325      3.80%     99.48% |        4193      0.41%     99.88% |         963      0.09%     99.98% |         211      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7038485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.527042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.179006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.272285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7035195     99.95%     99.95% |        2961      0.04%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7038485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6912732                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6912730    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6912732                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125753                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.469587                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.897067                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.012513                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      122463     97.38%     97.38% |        2961      2.35%     99.74% |         255      0.20%     99.94% |          45      0.04%     99.98% |          16      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.918611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168716                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.758129                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      292211     99.53%     99.53% |        1245      0.42%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293579                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264826     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.668401                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.348239                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.914125                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27272     95.22%     95.22% |        1245      4.35%     99.57% |         113      0.39%     99.97% |           8      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12678                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1272611                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        21592                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    56510                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    57392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    57114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    60568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    56537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    57794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    51759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    57243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  21346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  20464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  20742                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  22152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  21319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  20062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  21233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  20613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    30012                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    29009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    29716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    31076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    29852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    28985                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    29248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    29821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                82720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                72992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  955819                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140255032546505                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140255032573573                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  942414                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  939217                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31738791                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31784671                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31789215                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   55472                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  19856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  17520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                43562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                44321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                43844                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                46969                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                43788                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                44369                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                40016                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                43990                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              15606                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              14847                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              15324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              15895                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              15380                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              14799                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              15456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              15178                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               12948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               13071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               13270                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13599                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               12749                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               13425                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               11743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13253                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              5740                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              5617                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              5418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              6257                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              5939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              5263                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              5777                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              5435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2562539                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2539599                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2541657                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2596749                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2561161                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2531965                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2515480                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2550139                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     816                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     720                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2401010                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2375438                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2379996                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2430540                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2395858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2373213                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2359128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2393894                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             514352                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             453840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               811882                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               834634                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               826787                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               832573                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               819769                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               782957                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               806152                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               816444                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2401010                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2375438                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2379996                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2430540                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2395858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2373213                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2359128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2393894                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        514352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        453840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          811882                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          834634                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          826787                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          832573                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          819769                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          782957                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          806152                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          816444                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2502027                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2479087                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2481145                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2532455                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2500649                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2471453                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2458750                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2489627                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2551138                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2516928                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2509538                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2568401                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2535696                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2513173                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2501076                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2526195                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1667                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3008                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2628                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              9742                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             10953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              9733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              9712                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             11105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              7581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              8860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335122     25.59%     25.59% |      325004     24.81%     50.40% |      324969     24.81%     75.21% |      324640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205825     25.93%     25.93% |      196020     24.69%     50.62% |      196027     24.69%     75.31% |      196003     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793875                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335147     25.59%     25.59% |      325004     24.81%     50.40% |      324969     24.81%     75.21% |      324640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309760                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211641     25.90%     25.90% |      201842     24.70%     50.60% |      201852     24.70%     75.30% |      201830     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817165                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121105     25.07%     25.07% |      120792     25.00%     50.07% |      120750     25.00%     75.07% |      120445     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335122     25.59%     25.59% |      325004     24.81%     50.40% |      324969     24.81%     75.21% |      324640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205588     25.92%     25.92% |      195842     24.69%     50.61% |      195852     24.69%     75.31% |      195830     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121105     25.07%     25.07% |      120792     25.00%     50.07% |      120750     25.00%     75.07% |      120445     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335122     25.59%     25.59% |      325004     24.81%     50.40% |      324969     24.81%     75.21% |      324640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205588     25.92%     25.92% |      195842     24.69%     50.61% |      195852     24.69%     75.31% |      195830     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5396854     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59148      1.01%     92.95% |       59148      1.01%     93.95% |       59146      1.01%     94.96% |       62843      1.07%     96.03% |       59146      1.01%     97.04% |       59149      1.01%     98.05% |       55448      0.94%     98.99% |       59148      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5870047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7038547    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7038547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18819776     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       19856      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.71% |       18688      0.10%     99.81% |       17520      0.09%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18969280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18008     99.85%     99.85% |          17      0.09%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           3      0.02%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297079     67.75%     67.75% |           0      0.00%     67.75% |       77180      4.03%     71.79% |       77164      4.03%     75.82% |       77170      4.03%     79.85% |       82012      4.28%     84.13% |       77160      4.03%     88.16% |       77166      4.03%     92.19% |       72308      3.78%     95.97% |       77153      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260158     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58981      8.06%     43.60% |       58979      8.06%     51.66% |       58979      8.06%     59.72% |       62654      8.56%     68.28% |       58971      8.06%     76.33% |       58976      8.06%     84.39% |       55286      7.55%     91.94% |       58964      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           3     14.29%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038985     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18687      1.57%     88.99% |       18686      1.57%     90.57% |       18687      1.57%     92.14% |       19850      1.67%     93.81% |       18686      1.57%     95.38% |       18685      1.57%     96.95% |       17520      1.47%     98.43% |       18686      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170593     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77156      4.32%     69.79% |       77153      4.32%     74.11% |       77154      4.32%     78.42% |       81992      4.59%     83.01% |       77145      4.32%     87.33% |       77147      4.32%     91.64% |       72294      4.04%     95.69% |       77133      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259955     35.52%     35.52% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58981      8.06%     43.59% |       58979      8.06%     51.65% |       58979      8.06%     59.71% |       62657      8.56%     68.27% |       58971      8.06%     76.33% |       58976      8.06%     84.39% |       55288      7.56%     91.94% |       58964      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18687      1.76%     87.69% |       18686      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       19850      1.87%     93.07% |       18686      1.76%     94.83% |       18685      1.76%     96.59% |       17520      1.65%     98.24% |       18686      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           3      0.03%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           2      0.02%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         639    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3707    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          31    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1660     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6912732    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6912732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4651     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2532932     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         155      0.01%     99.96% |         157      0.01%     99.96% |         157      0.01%     99.97% |         175      0.01%     99.97% |         165      0.01%     99.98% |         160      0.01%     99.99% |         152      0.01%     99.99% |         172      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2033     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194931     29.36%     29.36% |           0      0.00%     29.36% |       58631      8.83%     38.19% |       58621      8.83%     47.02% |       58613      8.83%     55.85% |       62304      9.38%     65.24% |       58621      8.83%     74.07% |       58616      8.83%     82.90% |       54920      8.27%     91.17% |       58611      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2590447    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2590447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17839612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17839629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         264    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975662     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18525      1.65%     88.46% |       18532      1.65%     90.11% |       18541      1.65%     91.76% |       19688      1.75%     93.51% |       18524      1.65%     95.16% |       18531      1.65%     96.81% |       17374      1.55%     98.35% |       18522      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     96.61%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |          22      0.64%     97.25% |          10      0.29%     97.54% |          15      0.44%     97.98% |          17      0.50%     98.48% |          11      0.32%     98.80% |          16      0.47%     99.27% |          12      0.35%     99.62% |          13      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260158     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58981      8.06%     43.60% |       58979      8.06%     51.66% |       58979      8.06%     59.72% |       62654      8.56%     68.28% |       58971      8.06%     76.33% |       58976      8.06%     84.39% |       55286      7.55%     91.94% |       58964      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           3     14.29%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126189    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35     76.09%     76.09% |           0      0.00%     76.09% |           2      4.35%     80.43% |           1      2.17%     82.61% |           1      2.17%     84.78% |           0      0.00%     84.78% |           4      8.70%     93.48% |           1      2.17%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           2      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912796     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18687      1.76%     87.69% |       18686      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.21% |       19850      1.87%     93.07% |       18686      1.76%     94.83% |       18685      1.76%     96.59% |       17520      1.65%     98.24% |       18686      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.47%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |          12      0.21%     98.68% |          12      0.21%     98.89% |          10      0.17%     99.06% |          11      0.19%     99.25% |          10      0.17%     99.43% |          13      0.23%     99.65% |           8      0.14%     99.79% |          12      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170593     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77156      4.32%     69.79% |       77153      4.32%     74.11% |       77154      4.32%     78.42% |       81992      4.59%     83.01% |       77145      4.32%     87.33% |       77147      4.32%     91.64% |       72294      4.04%     95.69% |       77133      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3725      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.75%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3747      2.98%     20.65% |        3353      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3139      2.50%     64.00% |        3800      3.02%     67.02% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3420      2.72%     72.59% |        3733      2.97%     75.56% |        3845      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4112      3.27%     88.24% |        5235      4.16%     92.40% |        5088      4.04%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114271     15.60%     15.60% |       20772      2.84%     18.44% |       18701      2.55%     20.99% |       21410      2.92%     23.91% |       20941      2.86%     26.77% |       19811      2.70%     29.48% |       18241      2.49%     31.97% |       18197      2.48%     34.45% |       20753      2.83%     37.29% |       19045      2.60%     39.89% |       22385      3.06%     42.94% |       20507      2.80%     45.74% |       19006      2.59%     48.34% |       18493      2.52%     50.86% |       18192      2.48%     53.35% |       18190      2.48%     55.83% |       20284      2.77%     58.60% |       18686      2.55%     61.15% |       18868      2.58%     63.73% |       19912      2.72%     66.45% |       19863      2.71%     69.16% |       26176      3.57%     72.73% |       23097      3.15%     75.88% |       19557      2.67%     78.55% |       19494      2.66%     81.22% |       18936      2.59%     83.80% |       18457      2.52%     86.32% |       18173      2.48%     88.80% |       20083      2.74%     91.54% |       19393      2.65%     94.19% |       21161      2.89%     97.08% |       21374      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732429                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57706      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30796      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34684      3.26%     63.16% |       37249      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33991      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171656      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51349      2.87%     32.06% |       49629      2.78%     34.84% |       53859      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50381      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53823      3.01%     62.57% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63145      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53280      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63279      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34182      4.31%      4.31% |       24458      3.08%      7.40% |       24477      3.09%     10.48% |       24467      3.09%     13.57% |       24456      3.08%     16.65% |       24455      3.08%     19.74% |       24461      3.08%     22.82% |       24463      3.09%     25.91% |       24484      3.09%     28.99% |       24481      3.09%     32.08% |       24481      3.09%     35.17% |       24488      3.09%     38.26% |       24468      3.09%     41.34% |       24475      3.09%     44.43% |       24472      3.09%     47.52% |       24465      3.09%     50.60% |       24502      3.09%     53.69% |       24484      3.09%     56.78% |       24492      3.09%     59.87% |       24487      3.09%     62.96% |       24475      3.09%     66.04% |       24493      3.09%     69.13% |       24484      3.09%     72.22% |       24475      3.09%     75.31% |       24489      3.09%     78.39% |       24486      3.09%     81.48% |       24479      3.09%     84.57% |       24472      3.09%     87.66% |       24477      3.09%     90.74% |       24461      3.08%     93.83% |       24470      3.09%     96.91% |       24474      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15479      3.20%      3.20% |       15101      3.12%      6.33% |       15108      3.13%      9.45% |       15088      3.12%     12.58% |       15065      3.12%     15.69% |       15028      3.11%     18.80% |       15072      3.12%     21.92% |       15075      3.12%     25.04% |       15115      3.13%     28.17% |       15076      3.12%     31.29% |       15126      3.13%     34.42% |       15080      3.12%     37.54% |       15147      3.13%     40.67% |       15119      3.13%     43.80% |       15116      3.13%     46.93% |       15060      3.12%     50.05% |       15083      3.12%     53.17% |       15104      3.13%     56.29% |       15113      3.13%     59.42% |       15052      3.11%     62.53% |       15092      3.12%     65.66% |       15143      3.13%     68.79% |       15079      3.12%     71.91% |       15043      3.11%     75.02% |       15124      3.13%     78.15% |       15179      3.14%     81.29% |       15107      3.13%     84.42% |       15046      3.11%     87.53% |       15055      3.12%     90.65% |       15091      3.12%     93.77% |       15065      3.12%     96.89% |       15040      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50773      3.88%      3.88% |       40607      3.10%      6.98% |       40631      3.10%     10.08% |       40601      3.10%     13.18% |       40566      3.10%     16.28% |       40528      3.09%     19.37% |       40579      3.10%     22.47% |       40584      3.10%     25.57% |       40645      3.10%     28.67% |       40603      3.10%     31.77% |       40652      3.10%     34.87% |       40613      3.10%     37.98% |       40660      3.10%     41.08% |       40639      3.10%     44.18% |       40633      3.10%     47.29% |       40570      3.10%     50.38% |       40630      3.10%     53.49% |       40634      3.10%     56.59% |       40651      3.10%     59.69% |       40585      3.10%     62.79% |       40613      3.10%     65.89% |       40683      3.11%     69.00% |       40609      3.10%     72.10% |       40563      3.10%     75.19% |       40658      3.10%     78.30% |       40712      3.11%     81.41% |       40632      3.10%     84.51% |       40563      3.10%     87.61% |       40577      3.10%     90.70% |       40598      3.10%     93.80% |       40582      3.10%     96.90% |       40561      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309735                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49749      3.90%      3.90% |       39583      3.10%      7.00% |       39607      3.10%     10.10% |       39577      3.10%     13.20% |       39542      3.10%     16.29% |       39504      3.09%     19.39% |       39555      3.10%     22.48% |       39560      3.10%     25.58% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39579      3.10%     31.78% |       39628      3.10%     34.89% |       39589      3.10%     37.99% |       39636      3.10%     41.09% |       39615      3.10%     44.19% |       39609      3.10%     47.30% |       39546      3.10%     50.39% |       39606      3.10%     53.49% |       39610      3.10%     56.60% |       39627      3.10%     59.70% |       39561      3.10%     62.80% |       39589      3.10%     65.90% |       39659      3.11%     69.00% |       39585      3.10%     72.10% |       39539      3.10%     75.20% |       39634      3.10%     78.30% |       39688      3.11%     81.41% |       39608      3.10%     84.51% |       39539      3.10%     87.61% |       39553      3.10%     90.71% |       39574      3.10%     93.81% |       39558      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     20.36%     20.36% |           6      2.14%     22.50% |           9      3.21%     25.71% |           6      2.14%     27.86% |           7      2.50%     30.36% |           3      1.07%     31.43% |           4      1.43%     32.86% |           6      2.14%     35.00% |           6      2.14%     37.14% |           5      1.79%     38.93% |           8      2.86%     41.79% |           5      1.79%     43.57% |           7      2.50%     46.07% |           4      1.43%     47.50% |           5      1.79%     49.29% |           5      1.79%     51.07% |           5      1.79%     52.86% |           6      2.14%     55.00% |           9      3.21%     58.21% |           8      2.86%     61.07% |          24      8.57%     69.64% |          23      8.21%     77.86% |           5      1.79%     79.64% |           6      2.14%     81.79% |           6      2.14%     83.93% |           5      1.79%     85.71% |           6      2.14%     87.86% |           7      2.50%     90.36% |           8      2.86%     93.21% |           7      2.50%     95.71% |           7      2.50%     98.21% |           5      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          280                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         575      3.24%      3.24% |         517      2.91%      6.15% |         501      2.82%      8.97% |         513      2.89%     11.86% |         509      2.87%     14.73% |         497      2.80%     17.53% |         537      3.03%     20.56% |         548      3.09%     23.65% |         565      3.18%     26.83% |         507      2.86%     29.68% |         563      3.17%     32.86% |         564      3.18%     36.03% |         604      3.40%     39.44% |         585      3.30%     42.73% |         577      3.25%     45.98% |         551      3.10%     49.09% |         577      3.25%     52.34% |         594      3.35%     55.68% |         587      3.31%     58.99% |         539      3.04%     62.03% |         532      3.00%     65.03% |         615      3.46%     68.49% |         558      3.14%     71.63% |         531      2.99%     74.63% |         585      3.30%     77.92% |         645      3.63%     81.55% |         585      3.30%     84.85% |         539      3.04%     87.89% |         510      2.87%     90.76% |         571      3.22%     93.98% |         546      3.08%     97.05% |         523      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17750                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171913      9.58%      9.58% |       54292      3.03%     12.61% |       49292      2.75%     15.35% |       53001      2.95%     18.31% |       53514      2.98%     21.29% |       49522      2.76%     24.05% |       45961      2.56%     26.61% |       45967      2.56%     29.17% |       51544      2.87%     32.05% |       49826      2.78%     34.82% |       54070      3.01%     37.84% |       51039      2.84%     40.68% |       48295      2.69%     43.37% |       46921      2.62%     45.99% |       47893      2.67%     48.66% |       46618      2.60%     51.26% |       50581      2.82%     54.08% |       48376      2.70%     56.77% |       49907      2.78%     59.55% |       54019      3.01%     62.56% |       54532      3.04%     65.60% |       63394      3.53%     69.14% |       58008      3.23%     72.37% |       53250      2.97%     75.34% |       53478      2.98%     78.32% |       51453      2.87%     81.19% |       52513      2.93%     84.11% |       52315      2.92%     87.03% |       55515      3.09%     90.12% |       55171      3.07%     93.20% |       63476      3.54%     96.73% |       58598      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794254                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.11%     32.66% |         498      3.18%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.69% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.08% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         474      3.02%     65.23% |         523      3.33%     68.56% |         477      3.04%     71.60% |         450      2.87%     74.47% |         519      3.31%     77.78% |         577      3.68%     81.46% |         522      3.33%     84.79% |         479      3.05%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25516      5.06%      5.06% |       15489      3.07%      8.13% |       15519      3.08%     11.21% |       15473      3.07%     14.28% |       15446      3.06%     17.34% |       15424      3.06%     20.40% |       15432      3.06%     23.46% |       15427      3.06%     26.51% |       15459      3.07%     29.58% |       15478      3.07%     32.65% |       15502      3.07%     35.72% |       15428      3.06%     38.78% |       15435      3.06%     41.84% |       15445      3.06%     44.90% |       15454      3.06%     47.97% |       15416      3.06%     51.02% |       15432      3.06%     54.08% |       15422      3.06%     57.14% |       15445      3.06%     60.20% |       15427      3.06%     63.26% |       15450      3.06%     66.33% |       15465      3.07%     69.39% |       15462      3.07%     72.46% |       15439      3.06%     75.52% |       15453      3.06%     78.58% |       15455      3.06%     81.65% |       15427      3.06%     84.71% |       15414      3.06%     87.76% |       15450      3.06%     90.83% |       15416      3.06%     93.88% |       15414      3.06%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24754      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.88%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.58% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.25%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.08% |         513      3.27%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         522      3.33%     77.79% |         578      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.87% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         509      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88691     38.97%     38.97% |        5262      2.31%     41.28% |        3168      1.39%     42.67% |        5909      2.60%     45.27% |        5484      2.41%     47.68% |        4301      1.89%     49.57% |        2791      1.23%     50.79% |        2762      1.21%     52.01% |        5289      2.32%     54.33% |        3565      1.57%     55.90% |        6866      3.02%     58.91% |        5073      2.23%     61.14% |        3567      1.57%     62.71% |        3043      1.34%     64.05% |        2703      1.19%     65.24% |        2770      1.22%     66.45% |        4843      2.13%     68.58% |        3258      1.43%     70.01% |        3360      1.48%     71.49% |        4467      1.96%     73.45% |        4413      1.94%     75.39% |       10688      4.70%     80.09% |        7632      3.35%     83.44% |        4112      1.81%     85.25% |        4033      1.77%     87.02% |        3481      1.53%     88.55% |        3029      1.33%     89.88% |        2756      1.21%     91.09% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5933      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227596                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32948     12.09%     12.09% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.52% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.97% |        5123      1.88%     24.85% |        3063      1.12%     25.97% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6114      2.24%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.18% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.02% |        3762      1.38%     39.40% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.64% |        5623      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.90% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9305      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.87%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.07%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34180      4.31%      4.31% |       24454      3.08%      7.40% |       24471      3.09%     10.48% |       24463      3.09%     13.57% |       24454      3.08%     16.65% |       24448      3.08%     19.74% |       24456      3.08%     22.82% |       24462      3.09%     25.91% |       24483      3.09%     28.99% |       24479      3.09%     32.08% |       24477      3.09%     35.17% |       24486      3.09%     38.26% |       24465      3.09%     41.34% |       24474      3.09%     44.43% |       24470      3.09%     47.52% |       24464      3.09%     50.60% |       24501      3.09%     53.69% |       24483      3.09%     56.78% |       24488      3.09%     59.87% |       24486      3.09%     62.96% |       24472      3.09%     66.04% |       24488      3.09%     69.13% |       24480      3.09%     72.22% |       24473      3.09%     75.31% |       24488      3.09%     78.39% |       24483      3.09%     81.48% |       24478      3.09%     84.57% |       24470      3.09%     87.66% |       24473      3.09%     90.74% |       24458      3.08%     93.83% |       24468      3.09%     96.91% |       24472      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14903      3.20%      3.20% |       14582      3.13%      6.34% |       14605      3.14%      9.47% |       14574      3.13%     12.61% |       14552      3.13%     15.73% |       14535      3.12%     18.86% |       14537      3.12%     21.98% |       14523      3.12%     25.10% |       14546      3.13%     28.22% |       14567      3.13%     31.35% |       14560      3.13%     34.48% |       14514      3.12%     37.60% |       14540      3.12%     40.73% |       14532      3.12%     43.85% |       14537      3.12%     46.97% |       14506      3.12%     50.09% |       14503      3.12%     53.21% |       14506      3.12%     56.32% |       14522      3.12%     59.44% |       14506      3.12%     62.56% |       14539      3.12%     65.68% |       14510      3.12%     68.80% |       14520      3.12%     71.92% |       14508      3.12%     75.04% |       14534      3.12%     78.16% |       14532      3.12%     81.28% |       14517      3.12%     84.40% |       14502      3.12%     87.52% |       14541      3.12%     90.64% |       14516      3.12%     93.76% |       14514      3.12%     96.88% |       14514      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465397                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171649      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51349      2.87%     32.06% |       49629      2.78%     34.84% |       53859      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50381      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.77% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53823      3.01%     62.57% |       54317      3.04%     65.60% |       63145      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53280      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63279      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          68      3.11%      3.11% |          65      2.97%      6.07% |          65      2.97%      9.04% |          65      2.97%     12.01% |          62      2.83%     14.84% |          61      2.79%     17.63% |          63      2.88%     20.50% |          62      2.83%     23.33% |          65      2.97%     26.30% |          67      3.06%     29.36% |          78      3.56%     32.92% |          67      3.06%     35.98% |          58      2.65%     38.63% |          65      2.97%     41.60% |          70      3.20%     44.79% |          64      2.92%     47.72% |          67      3.06%     50.78% |          66      3.01%     53.79% |          62      2.83%     56.62% |          66      3.01%     59.63% |          80      3.65%     63.29% |         109      4.98%     68.26% |          80      3.65%     71.92% |          83      3.79%     75.71% |          68      3.11%     78.81% |          69      3.15%     81.96% |          66      3.01%     84.98% |          66      3.01%     87.99% |          60      2.74%     90.73% |          66      3.01%     93.74% |          66      3.01%     96.76% |          71      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2190                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     21.21%     21.21% |           9     27.27%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |          12     36.36%     84.85% |           1      3.03%     87.88% |           4     12.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           3     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          10     55.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |          14     87.50%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49749      3.90%      3.90% |       39583      3.10%      7.00% |       39607      3.10%     10.10% |       39577      3.10%     13.20% |       39542      3.10%     16.29% |       39504      3.09%     19.39% |       39555      3.10%     22.48% |       39560      3.10%     25.58% |       39621      3.10%     28.69% |       39579      3.10%     31.78% |       39628      3.10%     34.89% |       39589      3.10%     37.99% |       39636      3.10%     41.09% |       39615      3.10%     44.19% |       39609      3.10%     47.30% |       39546      3.10%     50.39% |       39606      3.10%     53.49% |       39610      3.10%     56.60% |       39627      3.10%     59.70% |       39561      3.10%     62.80% |       39589      3.10%     65.90% |       39659      3.11%     69.00% |       39585      3.10%     72.10% |       39539      3.10%     75.20% |       39634      3.10%     78.30% |       39688      3.11%     81.41% |       39608      3.10%     84.51% |       39539      3.10%     87.61% |       39553      3.10%     90.71% |       39574      3.10%     93.81% |       39558      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           7     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.23%      2.23% |           5      2.79%      5.03% |           5      2.79%      7.82% |           5      2.79%     10.61% |           6      3.35%     13.97% |           3      1.68%     15.64% |           3      1.68%     17.32% |           5      2.79%     20.11% |           5      2.79%     22.91% |           4      2.23%     25.14% |           5      2.79%     27.93% |           4      2.23%     30.17% |           5      2.79%     32.96% |           3      1.68%     34.64% |           4      2.23%     36.87% |           4      2.23%     39.11% |           4      2.23%     41.34% |           5      2.79%     44.13% |           6      3.35%     47.49% |           7      3.91%     51.40% |          22     12.29%     63.69% |          21     11.73%     75.42% |           3      1.68%     77.09% |           5      2.79%     79.89% |           5      2.79%     82.68% |           4      2.23%     84.92% |           5      2.79%     87.71% |           5      2.79%     90.50% |           4      2.23%     92.74% |           4      2.23%     94.97% |           5      2.79%     97.77% |           4      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          64      3.18%      3.18% |          60      2.98%      6.17% |          60      2.98%      9.15% |          60      2.98%     12.13% |          56      2.78%     14.92% |          58      2.88%     17.80% |          60      2.98%     20.79% |          57      2.83%     23.62% |          60      2.98%     26.60% |          63      3.13%     29.74% |          73      3.63%     33.37% |          63      3.13%     36.50% |          53      2.64%     39.13% |          62      3.08%     42.22% |          66      3.28%     45.50% |          60      2.98%     48.48% |          63      3.13%     51.62% |          61      3.03%     54.65% |          56      2.78%     57.43% |          59      2.93%     60.37% |          58      2.88%     63.25% |          88      4.38%     67.63% |          77      3.83%     71.46% |          78      3.88%     75.34% |          63      3.13%     78.47% |          65      3.23%     81.70% |          61      3.03%     84.73% |          61      3.03%     87.77% |          56      2.78%     90.55% |          62      3.08%     93.64% |          61      3.03%     96.67% |          67      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2011                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.88%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.58% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.25%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.08% |         513      3.27%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         522      3.33%     77.79% |         578      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.82% |         478      3.05%     87.87% |         454      2.89%     90.76% |         509      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25516      5.06%      5.06% |       15489      3.07%      8.13% |       15519      3.08%     11.21% |       15473      3.07%     14.28% |       15446      3.06%     17.34% |       15424      3.06%     20.40% |       15432      3.06%     23.46% |       15427      3.06%     26.51% |       15459      3.07%     29.58% |       15478      3.07%     32.65% |       15502      3.07%     35.72% |       15428      3.06%     38.78% |       15435      3.06%     41.84% |       15445      3.06%     44.90% |       15454      3.06%     47.97% |       15416      3.06%     51.02% |       15432      3.06%     54.08% |       15422      3.06%     57.14% |       15445      3.06%     60.20% |       15427      3.06%     63.26% |       15450      3.06%     66.33% |       15465      3.07%     69.39% |       15462      3.07%     72.46% |       15439      3.06%     75.52% |       15453      3.06%     78.58% |       15455      3.06%     81.65% |       15427      3.06%     84.71% |       15414      3.06%     87.76% |       15450      3.06%     90.83% |       15416      3.06%     93.88% |       15414      3.06%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.11%     32.66% |         498      3.18%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.69% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.08% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         474      3.02%     65.23% |         523      3.33%     68.56% |         477      3.04%     71.60% |         450      2.87%     74.47% |         519      3.31%     77.78% |         577      3.68%     81.46% |         522      3.33%     84.79% |         479      3.05%     87.84% |         456      2.91%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24754      3.13%      3.13% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.00% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.25% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.50% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.12% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24689      3.13%     65.63% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171911      9.58%      9.58% |       54288      3.03%     12.61% |       49287      2.75%     15.35% |       52998      2.95%     18.31% |       53514      2.98%     21.29% |       49522      2.76%     24.05% |       45961      2.56%     26.61% |       45967      2.56%     29.17% |       51543      2.87%     32.05% |       49825      2.78%     34.82% |       54070      3.01%     37.84% |       51038      2.84%     40.68% |       48289      2.69%     43.37% |       46921      2.62%     45.99% |       47891      2.67%     48.66% |       46618      2.60%     51.26% |       50581      2.82%     54.08% |       48376      2.70%     56.77% |       49900      2.78%     59.55% |       54014      3.01%     62.56% |       54531      3.04%     65.60% |       63394      3.53%     69.14% |       58008      3.23%     72.37% |       53250      2.97%     75.34% |       53477      2.98%     78.32% |       51452      2.87%     81.18% |       52512      2.93%     84.11% |       52314      2.92%     87.03% |       55510      3.09%     90.12% |       55171      3.07%     93.20% |       63475      3.54%     96.73% |       58598      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           19                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       34271     11.58%     11.58% |      147915     50.00%     61.58% |       14040      4.75%     66.33% |       15495      5.24%     71.57% |       14045      4.75%     76.32% |       16252      5.49%     81.81% |       13944      4.71%     86.52% |       15623      5.28%     91.80% |       11324      3.83%     95.63% |       12921      4.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       295830                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       34271     11.58%     11.58% |      147915     50.00%     61.58% |       14040      4.75%     66.33% |       15495      5.24%     71.57% |       14045      4.75%     76.32% |       16252      5.49%     81.81% |       13944      4.71%     86.52% |       15623      5.28%     91.80% |       11324      3.83%     95.63% |       12921      4.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       295830                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       34271     11.58%     11.58% |      147915     50.00%     61.58% |       14040      4.75%     66.33% |       15495      5.24%     71.57% |       14045      4.75%     76.32% |       16252      5.49%     81.81% |       13944      4.71%     86.52% |       15623      5.28%     91.80% |       11324      3.83%     95.63% |       12921      4.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       295830                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       34271     11.58%     11.58% |      147915     50.00%     61.58% |       14040      4.75%     66.33% |       15495      5.24%     71.57% |       14045      4.75%     76.32% |       16252      5.49%     81.81% |       13944      4.71%     86.52% |       15623      5.28%     91.80% |       11324      3.83%     95.63% |       12921      4.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       295830                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
