
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119717                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119717207000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295885285500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   8886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    15735                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               19449960                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6270436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6155.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54695882                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96848691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42528384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42528384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20076352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       20076352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       664506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             664506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       313693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            313693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    355240362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            355240362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    167698132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           167698132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    522938495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           522938495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     664506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    313693                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   664506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  313693                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42506944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  21440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               20076160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42528384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            20076352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   335                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            42206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           42102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    65589                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    12030                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119716712000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               664506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              313693                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 178548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  23820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  22387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  23104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  23037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  22952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  22169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  20935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  19748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 18867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 17635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 16581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 15131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 13798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 12931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 11992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 10955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 10301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  9663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  9021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  8449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  7888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  7044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  6018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 71346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  45027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  53346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  54262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  17346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  16346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  22374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       316567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   197.690650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.489221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.577089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       105916     33.46%     33.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98109     30.99%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73773     23.30%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19282      6.09%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14378      4.54%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2695      0.85%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1225      0.39%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          785      0.25%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          404      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       316567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.143529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.212839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46699     99.45%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          215      0.46%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           35      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.680083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.170776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.164966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36229     77.15%     77.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5553     11.83%     88.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2768      5.89%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2409      5.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 75531468888                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            87984675138                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3320855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   113722.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              132472.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      355.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      167.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   355.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   167.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  490100                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 171185                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    122384.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20222300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3997500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95494437000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1202939640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1190253960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              656365875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              649444125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2595340800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2585068200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1018578240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1014100560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49369165470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48894478020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28522032000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28938424500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91183532025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          91090879365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          761.678975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          760.905024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41950400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41950400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19493824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19493824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       655475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             655475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       304591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            304591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    350412452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            350412452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    162832265                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           162832265                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    513244717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           513244717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     655475                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    304591                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   655475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  304591                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41927744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  22656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19493696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41950400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19493824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            41577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            41051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            42007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            19229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            19046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            19022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            19059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            19099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           19077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    69384                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    11852                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119716460000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               655475                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              304591                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  22526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  22192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  22876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  23148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  22835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  22227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 18878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 17433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 15952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 14931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 13723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 12727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 11863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 11062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 10076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  9388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  8553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  7626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  6836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  5816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 74979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  43360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  51328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  52719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  22229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       303225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.558074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.009832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.846171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99554     32.83%     32.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        91003     30.01%     62.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73664     24.29%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19272      6.36%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14508      4.78%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2745      0.91%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1276      0.42%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          801      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          402      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       303225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.475507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.735223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44993     99.42%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          212      0.47%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           35      0.08%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            7      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.730207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.206446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.208910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34731     76.74%     76.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5296     11.70%     88.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2848      6.29%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2382      5.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 75865295201                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            88148813951                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3275605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   115803.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              134553.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      350.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      162.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   350.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   162.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.77                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  486542                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 169936                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    124696.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20715178250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3997500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    95001189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1155281400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1137061800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              630361875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              620420625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2562245400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2547550200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            989891280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            983813040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48156055560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47925545850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29586158250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29788359750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          90899103765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90821861265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          759.303129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          758.657903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41893376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41893376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19483520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19483520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       654584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             654584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       304430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            304430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    349936129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            349936129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    162746196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           162746196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    512682325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           512682325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     654584                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    304430                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   654584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  304430                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41875904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  17472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19483328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41893376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19483520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            41279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            40924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            40598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           40215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           41172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            19124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            19078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            19050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            19070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           19021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           19095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    68234                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    11857                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119716562000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               654584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              304430                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  22489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  22605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  23130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  23111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  22855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 18823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 17579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 16161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 15009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 13894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 12808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 11830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 10793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 10088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  9376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  8868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  7499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  6655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  5942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  5656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 73660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  43282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  51244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  52468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  22041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       302103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.105299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.557154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.745961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        98553     32.62%     32.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90575     29.98%     62.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73815     24.43%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19470      6.44%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14499      4.80%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2771      0.92%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1220      0.40%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          804      0.27%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          396      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       302103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.471910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.670421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44957     99.44%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          204      0.45%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           37      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        45212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.733323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.208153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.213034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34566     76.45%     76.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5391     11.92%     88.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2840      6.28%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2415      5.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        45212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 74946052789                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            87214384039                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3271555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   114541.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              133291.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      349.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      162.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   349.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   162.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  486407                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 170222                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    124832.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20835561500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3997500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94881040500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1149324120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1134529200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              627111375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              619038750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2559148800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2544391200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            988763760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            983890800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48402328905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47888075475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29370129000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29821228500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          90915915960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90810263925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          759.443566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          758.561028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41906432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41906432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19511552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19511552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       654788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             654788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       304868                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            304868                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    350045186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            350045186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    162980348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           162980348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    513025534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           513025534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     654789                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    304868                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   654789                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  304868                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41886016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  20480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19511296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41906496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19511552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            41265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            41122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            40891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           40363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           40458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           40503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            19204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            19049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            19056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            19108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            19160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           19104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    65229                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    11856                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119716460000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               654789                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              304868                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 171130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  22373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  22458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  23237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  22852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  22092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 18978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 17656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 16252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 14976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 13841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 13154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 11958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 11186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 10412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  9613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  8987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  7906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  6939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  5847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 70840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  43405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  51436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  52608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  17454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  22156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       302850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.729642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.133930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.959030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99433     32.83%     32.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90661     29.94%     62.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73729     24.35%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19448      6.42%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14275      4.71%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2783      0.92%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1309      0.43%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          805      0.27%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          407      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       302850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.462135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.244629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44977     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          219      0.48%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           40      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        45253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.736879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.210957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.212941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34556     76.36%     76.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5439     12.02%     88.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2915      6.44%     94.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2343      5.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        45253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 74925344977                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            87196638727                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3272345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   114482.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              133232.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      349.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      162.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   350.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   162.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  485965                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 170515                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    124749.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20273515500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3997500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95443348000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1152831960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1136706480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              629025375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              620226750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2557838400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2546918400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            989820000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            985698720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7819110000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48133102230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47671753635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29606292750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30010984500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          90888020715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90791398485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          759.210550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          758.403440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              543380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27094262                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 50.626607                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.948755                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                87.110218                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26127752     96.43%     96.43% |      653549      2.41%     98.84% |      293168      1.08%     99.93% |       19701      0.07%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27094262                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39539437                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.203040                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.848824                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.664888                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34958201     88.41%     88.41% |     1456104      3.68%     92.10% |      468193      1.18%     93.28% |      519317      1.31%     94.59% |      422492      1.07%     95.66% |      452150      1.14%     96.81% |      416033      1.05%     97.86% |      492256      1.24%     99.10% |      354691      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39539437                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39539436                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              51.040238                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              5.000630                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            198.018573                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39133460     98.97%     98.97% |      364291      0.92%     99.89% |       36010      0.09%     99.99% |        4766      0.01%    100.00% |         721      0.00%    100.00% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39539436                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35057876                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000321                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000269                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020312                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    35048037     99.97%     99.97% |        8604      0.02%    100.00% |        1062      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35057876                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4481560                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        426.841842                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       272.021529                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       432.052690                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4075584     90.94%     90.94% |      364291      8.13%     99.07% |       36010      0.80%     99.87% |        4766      0.11%     99.98% |         721      0.02%    100.00% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4481560                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         719328                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       719328                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          294                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          284                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          334                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          280                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24712936                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       898147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25611083                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10336783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10463266                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1044153                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        38047                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       378416                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034615                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63973                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          985                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       163269                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       169937                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       172426                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       161524                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       165205                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       450139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       451180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       172283                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       165595                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1001                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424110                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       164765                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       134299                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        93105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        53176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        83878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        53917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137913                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        52930                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83712                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        52627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        50578                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        84061                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134639                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        50348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        84401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134749                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        51518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        84624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        51750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        84305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        52018                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        83868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        83616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        52054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83426                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        51952                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        66976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150891                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        60276                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        50744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        84234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        51229                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        84419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        51805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        84240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        51555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        83610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135165                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        83192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136419                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        53695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        83264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136959                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        53997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83031                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        56980                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83781                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        63124                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        84180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        83148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        83257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135775                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        51595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        50257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        84017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134274                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        50694                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        84248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        53022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        84138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           85                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     25281348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     25281348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     26343547                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25281348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     12132624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12011380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     25281348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.105588                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     17294129                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     17294129                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18623886                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17294129                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9466814                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9321401                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     17294129                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.072229                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15299600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15299600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16611410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15299600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7081048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6934496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15299600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.063899                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14471497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14471497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15795839                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14471497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6787305                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6665601                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14471497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.060440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     15149935                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     15149935                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16524408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15149935                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8033974                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7777275                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     15149935                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.063274                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14313639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14313639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15619262                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14313639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7334581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7225603                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14313639                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.059781                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16759421                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16759421                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18382642                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16759421                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7254542                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7109121                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16759421                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.069996                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14841740                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14841740                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16531229                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14841740                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6719639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6583100                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14841740                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.061987                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10333189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10333189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11037638                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10333189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4889221                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4820713                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10333189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.043157                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     11955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     11955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13013528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5881880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5768152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     11955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.049932                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8372497                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8372497                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8891426                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8372497                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3630300                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3556985                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8372497                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.034968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6456780                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6456780                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6558654                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6456780                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2903655                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2898844                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6456780                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.026967                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7030891                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7030891                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7179996                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7030891                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3432597                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3426419                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7030891                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.029365                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6579038                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6579038                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6695746                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6579038                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2956122                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2950583                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6579037                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.027477                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4244582                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4244582                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4367257                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4244582                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1729705                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1719902                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4244582                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.017728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5925549                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5925549                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6134923                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5925549                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2466910                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2454629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5925549                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.024748                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7072140                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7072140                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7242752                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7072140                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2775831                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2767232                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7072140                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.029537                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6300639                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6300639                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6470264                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6300639                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2526895                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2518767                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6300639                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.026315                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5769938                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5769938                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5998267                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5769938                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2472979                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2460542                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5769938                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024098                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3322880                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3322880                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3476220                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3322880                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1419907                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1411528                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3322880                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3240106                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3240106                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3260279                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3240106                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1548928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1548434                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3240106                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013532                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3839146                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3839146                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3872243                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3839146                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2003920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2000770                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3839146                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016034                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3628884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3628884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3662379                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3628884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1760176                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1759252                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3628884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015156                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2205133                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2205133                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2205133                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2205133                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       983033                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       983033                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2205133                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.009210                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3201357                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3201357                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3220756                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3201357                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1504057                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1503573                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3201357                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013370                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3636672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3636672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3668644                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3636672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1892952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1890008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3636672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015189                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3529014                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3529014                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3561200                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3529013                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1705100                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1704145                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3529013                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.014739                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2208770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2208770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2208770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2208770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       983834                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       983834                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2208770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.009225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14361657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14361657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15810331                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14361657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6584007                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6521569                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14361657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.059982                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13613127                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13613127                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14597288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13613127                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6133890                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6072211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13613127                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.056855                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     14171316                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     14171316                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15550621                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14171316                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6167637                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6069800                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     14171316                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.059187                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14271669                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14271669                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15513653                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14271669                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6334694                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6232117                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14271668                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.059606                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20109568     26.85%     26.85% |    50259164     67.10%     93.95% |     4529752      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     74898484                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20109568     26.85%     26.85% |    50259169     67.10%     93.95% |     4529752      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     74898489                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   737091708                       |  1345038343                       |   110500457                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1290857745                       |   237561042                       |     4530619                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.653781                       |   26.762052                       |   24.394372                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   64.191222                       |    4.726721                       |    1.000191                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.274698                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    20.467028                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         49.741727                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005066                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.105343      6.75%      6.75% |    0.105108      6.74%     13.49% |    0.103427      6.63%     20.12% |    0.103178      6.61%     26.73% |    0.263491     16.89%     43.62% |    0.258694     16.58%     60.20% |    0.262948     16.85%     77.05% |    0.258134     16.54%     93.59% |    0.024980      1.60%     95.20% |    0.024987      1.60%     96.80% |    0.024987      1.60%     98.40% |    0.024984      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.560261                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.038983                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023595                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007396                       |    0.007806                       |    0.007785                       |    0.007413                       |    0.007622                       |    0.008001                       |    0.007345                       |    0.007398                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007181                       |    0.004693                       |    0.004650                       |    0.004699                       |    0.004649                       |    0.004650                       |    0.004644                       |    0.004629                       |    0.004646                       |    0.004692                       |    0.004711                       |    0.004675                       |    0.004645                       |    0.004672                       |    0.004629                       |    0.004637                       |    0.004673                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004654                       |    0.004648                       |    0.004648                       |    0.005033                       |    0.004866                       |    0.004641                       |    0.004660                       |    0.004667                       |    0.004639                       |    0.004660                       |    0.004677                       |    0.004685                       |    0.004776                       |    0.004952                       |    0.016645                       |    0.016417                       |    0.016395                       |    0.016400                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.001919                       |    0.004924                       |    0.000366                       |    0.000396                       |    0.000375                       |    0.000388                       |    0.000377                       |    0.000406                       |    0.000347                       |    0.000351                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004577                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004749                       |    0.004104                       |    0.010581                       |    0.004580                       |    0.000347                       |    0.006882                       |    0.013935                       |    0.006833                       |           0                       |    0.004601                       |    0.010685                       |           0                       |    0.015962                       |    0.020507                       |    0.008227                       |    0.010582                       |    0.004576                       |    0.000366                       |    0.017408                       |    0.016262                       |    0.014706                       |    0.011033                       |    0.004614                       |    0.000396                       |    0.018819                       |    0.015432                       |    0.010147                       |           0                       |    0.004588                       |    0.010457                       |           0                       |    0.018672                       |    0.013736                       |    0.009403                       |           0                       |    0.004590                       |           0                       |    0.009335                       |    0.006866                       |    0.006176                       |           0                       |    0.004589                       |           0                       |    0.004660                       |    0.004122                       |           0                       |    0.004876                       |           0                       |    0.001901                       |    0.005033                       |    0.004224                       |    0.010584                       |    0.004594                       |    0.000351                       |    0.010109                       |    0.005890                       |    0.014296                       |    0.004109                       |    0.011028                       |    0.004569                       |    0.000375                       |    0.007317                       |    0.014171                       |    0.020293                       |    0.005521                       |    0.025210                       |    0.006374                       |    0.001919                       |    0.012161                       |    0.020172                       |    0.027760                       |    0.011992                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004604                       |    0.004924                       |    0.012605                       |    0.018145                       |    0.019757                       |    0.012192                       |    0.010586                       |    0.004561                       |    0.000388                       |    0.010986                       |    0.015440                       |    0.010869                       |    0.006951                       |           0                       |    0.004564                       |           0                       |    0.003896                       |    0.009312                       |    0.005433                       |    0.006159                       |           0                       |    0.004583                       |           0                       |    0.001845                       |    0.004667                       |    0.004094                       |           0                       |    0.004714                       |           0                       |    0.001007                       |    0.004866                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |    0.004618                       |           0                       |    0.011454                       |    0.006066                       |    0.008276                       |    0.004554                       |           0                       |    0.004696                       |    0.010447                       |           0                       |    0.007771                       |    0.016076                       |    0.015634                       |    0.004563                       |    0.010810                       |    0.004572                       |    0.000377                       |    0.019748                       |    0.017558                       |    0.012338                       |    0.004593                       |    0.011267                       |    0.004566                       |    0.000406                       |    0.009264                       |    0.019048                       |    0.012854                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.004812                       |    0.010456                       |           0                       |    0.008859                       |    0.018897                       |    0.012006                       |    0.004576                       |           0                       |    0.004583                       |           0                       |    0.003007                       |    0.009312                       |    0.006005                       |    0.004570                       |           0                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |    0.000966                       |    0.004639                       |    0.004565                       |           0                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004641                       |           0                       |    0.004554                       |           0                       |    0.005206                       |           0                       |    0.007968                       |           0                       |    0.004563                       |           0                       |    0.006660                       |    0.003904                       |    0.009620                       |           0                       |    0.004593                       |           0                       |    0.010680                       |    0.007581                       |    0.006683                       |           0                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.005522                       |    0.010651                       |    0.005560                       |           0                       |    0.004576                       |           0                       |    0.009138                       |    0.010385                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004570                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009308                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004565                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004660                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.560261                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8946411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8946411                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6426022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5809818                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.410802                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          704411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15448962                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86376                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18938017                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181231                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15535338                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19119248                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34386979                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267607                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34654586                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10470369                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9642                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10480011                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10470369                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9642                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10480011                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235888032                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34571893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               63099432                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8946411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6514229                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195745480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       184434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       302407                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       345597                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10469701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230934                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3955                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231749993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209714478     90.49%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1988309      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3032721      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           870104      0.38%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3091831      1.33%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1411589      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3873590      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           546421      0.24%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7220950      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231749993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13373656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202643896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6769536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8508895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110434856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16002078                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       124069550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13488580                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12298722                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65437053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108432027                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5841388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119709587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244623911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    160299714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106216328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13493257                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367075                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52803291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8190729                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19350533                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1958601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1731684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106486916                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       696383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111394228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326760                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10014944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14629269                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137022                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231749993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.198061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184924991     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19631796      8.47%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10541450      4.55%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5992245      2.59%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3703660      1.60%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5039650      2.17%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083453      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472795      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359953      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231749993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113379      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913247     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141595     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417204      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76363459     68.55%     68.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.05%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15352661     13.78%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19156336     17.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111394228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.472233                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010487                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    456033268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117206835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102719288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      112145161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2134483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2663                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8955                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8929971                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6263503                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111559166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107183299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8190729                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19350533                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       686961                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         232458                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8955                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110682106                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15137535                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34087854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7504622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18950319                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.469215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102827960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102719342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53464327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81628666                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.654970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10248652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       559361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230066200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192022888     83.46%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16140043      7.02%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11023400      4.79%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2589458      1.13%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2378023      1.03%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       994725      0.43%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155282      0.50%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622986      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3139395      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230066200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54695881                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96848688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25328631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6718988                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6979634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96217702                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       620138                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178700      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71239309     73.56%     73.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6718988      6.94%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18609643     19.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96848688                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3139395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333773666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215889079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4138039                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54695881                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96848688                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.312720                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.312720                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        166272822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75616611                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35383259                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36893541                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49371005                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               7103824500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            7103824499.999990                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12763057                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        74.449800                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.872958                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      121.352429                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11803176     92.48%     92.48% |      647558      5.07%     97.55% |      292530      2.29%     99.84% |       19701      0.15%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12763057                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14040779                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.481048                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.274191                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.702293                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13999931     99.71%     99.71% |       34219      0.24%     99.95% |        4897      0.03%     99.99% |        1094      0.01%    100.00% |         637      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14040779                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        290426                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.984695                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.070844                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.712439                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       36646     12.62%     12.62% |      166960     57.49%     70.11% |       80569     27.74%     97.85% |        6127      2.11%     99.96% |         123      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          290426                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9205594                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          124.116745                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.107695                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         299.564481                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8965905     97.40%     97.40% |      215514      2.34%     99.74% |       21057      0.23%     99.97% |        2708      0.03%    100.00% |         348      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9205594                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6493879                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001095                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000924                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.036497                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6487426     99.90%     99.90% |        5899      0.09%     99.99% |         457      0.01%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6493879                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711715                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     414.158426                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    255.108832                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    430.567428                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2472026     91.16%     91.16% |      215514      7.95%     99.11% |       21057      0.78%     99.89% |        2708      0.10%     99.98% |         348      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711715                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19590734                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           42.375989                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.437899                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         181.893441                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19424521     99.15%     99.15% |      148708      0.76%     99.91% |       14948      0.08%     99.99% |        2058      0.01%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19590734                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17968233                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000225                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000185                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.017820                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17964949     99.98%     99.98% |        2603      0.01%    100.00% |         605      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17968233                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622501                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     478.439141                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    338.961677                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    438.364110                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1456288     89.76%     89.76% |      148708      9.17%     98.92% |       14948      0.92%     99.84% |        2058      0.13%     99.97% |         373      0.02%     99.99% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622501                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10463265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.041991                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.120007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.254250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10459804     99.97%     99.97% |        3001      0.03%    100.00% |         330      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10463265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10336783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10336782    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10336783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126482                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.199048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.963857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    71.289314                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123021     97.26%     97.26% |        3001      2.37%     99.64% |         330      0.26%     99.90% |          57      0.05%     99.94% |          38      0.03%     99.97% |          17      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126482                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278533                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.979414                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.365189                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273464     98.18%     98.18% |        3847      1.38%     99.56% |        1014      0.36%     99.93% |          91      0.03%     99.96% |          56      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278533                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257704                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257603     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257704                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.698785                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.485176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.563904                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15760     75.66%     75.66% |        3847     18.47%     94.13% |        1014      4.87%     99.00% |          91      0.44%     99.44% |          56      0.27%     99.71% |          50      0.24%     99.95% |           8      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20829                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       312643                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10272097                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       146833                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    74895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   120433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    83330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   122042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    81166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   120375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    76306                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   121808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    79693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                   120302                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   88618                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  121422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   72767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  117780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   72135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                  119237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  60497                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 168367                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  70110                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 166758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  72274                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 168425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  59086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 166992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  64723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 168498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 73846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                167378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 62625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                171020                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 63257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                169563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    71010                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   162759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    81620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   161103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    83506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   162554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    68922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   161166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    75651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   162346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   85868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  161056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   72791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  164786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   73413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  163488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              162464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3030897                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6815208                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 3106256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6794794                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3217707                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6876014                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 2892609                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6801747                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 3148123                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 6823141                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                3256963                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                6713810                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                3271886                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                7022322                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                3114266                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4301925448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  93344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 69120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                41169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                93627                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                45640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                93899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                44682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                93189                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                42711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                93735                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                44444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                93421                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               48737                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               94378                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               40612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               91572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               40059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               92338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              36623                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             133733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              42520                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             133461                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              43478                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             134171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              35081                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             133625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              38532                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             133939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             44607                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            132982                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             37180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            135788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             37733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            135022                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               33726                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               26806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               37690                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               28143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               36484                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               27186                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               33595                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               28073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               35249                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               26881                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              39881                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              27044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              32155                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              26208                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              26899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             23874                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             34634                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             27590                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             33297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             28796                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             34254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             24005                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             33367                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             26191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             34559                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            29239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            34396                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            25445                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            35232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            25524                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            34541                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      18                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5183047                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8536901                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5256785                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8530101                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5218372                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8569800                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5276442                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                8530070                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5470257                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                8549649                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5502436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8523678                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5392287                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8577586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5052845                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               8570284                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4442243                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7786656                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4430199                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7813290                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4337016                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7829911                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4637812                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7826128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4656625                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7814733                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4539645                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7789735                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4676174                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7776023                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4322359                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7778183                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2030327                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3935078                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2339448                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3934924                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2336799                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2033225                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3935370                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2139821                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932943                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2472309                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2003179                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3941694                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2014935                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3940589                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3167858                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2272834                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3286118                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2193470                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3398878                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2236470                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2951148                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2237736                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3239484                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2219201                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3439286                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2282981                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3060685                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2263624                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3077452                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2263690                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4442243                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7786656                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4430199                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7813290                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4337016                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7829911                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4637812                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7826128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4656625                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7814733                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4539645                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7789735                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4676174                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7776023                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4322359                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7778183                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1966374                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932538                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2228509                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2228527                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1966374                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932538                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2097473                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2359620                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      1966395                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932532                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1966365                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932532                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2665326                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2272834                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2697047                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2193470                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2798536                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2236470                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2586833                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2237736                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2770434                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2219201                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2920826                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2282981                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2722507                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2263624                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2549877                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2263690                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5008116                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8061711                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5080435                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8038533                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5044503                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            8078232                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            5049859                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            8057202                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5251151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            8058081                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5303444                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8032110                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5204851                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8134716                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4878803                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           8136997                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227874916                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227874912                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227874918                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227874914                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227874923                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227874919                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227874935                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227874931                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9614748                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11471228                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9794869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11501661                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9613396                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11455349                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9613937                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11503183                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9770098                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11457658                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9821608                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11458134                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9846229                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11499114                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9577596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11489306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             12142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             25781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             13623                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             26171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             13783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             26043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             12091                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             26263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             12872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             26205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            14370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            26251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            12290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            26251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            12159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            26348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             11071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             12557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              7627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             11469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              7014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             11668                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              7636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             11449                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6828                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            13489                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7115                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             9699                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             6191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             9761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6626                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             12581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             19387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             14010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             20833                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             12185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             19199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             14446                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             20682                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             13335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             19491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            14837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            21187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2            10981                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            17560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            10728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2            18410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          552039                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         4204866                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          666881                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         4243637                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          753197                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         4272176                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          522990                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         4284995                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          546320                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         4267189                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         664490                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        4196897                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         565412                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        4351252                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         616121                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        4339109                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      664481     25.27%     25.27% |      655475     24.93%     50.20% |      654584     24.90%     75.10% |      654789     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2629329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      307835     25.57%     25.57% |      298720     24.81%     50.37% |      298559     24.79%     75.17% |      298997     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1204111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      664506     25.27%     25.27% |      655475     24.93%     50.20% |      654584     24.90%     75.10% |      654788     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2629353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      313693     25.55%     25.55% |      304591     24.81%     50.37% |      304430     24.80%     75.17% |      304868     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1227582                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      348455     25.02%     25.02% |      348563     25.03%     50.06% |      347833     24.98%     75.04% |      347599     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1392450                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      664481     25.27%     25.27% |      655475     24.93%     50.20% |      654584     24.90%     75.10% |      654789     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2629329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      307590     25.56%     25.56% |      298543     24.81%     50.37% |      298382     24.80%     75.17% |      298820     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1203335                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      348455     25.02%     25.02% |      348563     25.03%     50.06% |      347833     24.98%     75.04% |      347599     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1392450                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      664481     25.27%     25.27% |      655475     24.93%     50.20% |      654584     24.90%     75.10% |      654788     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2629328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      307590     25.56%     25.56% |      298543     24.81%     50.37% |      298382     24.80%     75.17% |      298820     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1203335                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6727606     73.05%     73.05% |          34      0.00%     73.05% |      305111      3.31%     76.36% |      315504      3.43%     79.79% |      315495      3.43%     83.21% |      305109      3.31%     86.52% |      310283      3.37%     89.89% |      320658      3.48%     93.37% |      305126      3.31%     96.69% |      305135      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9210061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10463307    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10463307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18891071     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |      119043      0.60%     95.65% |      126744      0.64%     96.29% |      126735      0.64%     96.93% |      119036      0.60%     97.53% |      122887      0.62%     98.14% |      130575      0.66%     98.80% |      119041      0.60%     99.40% |      119051      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19874183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26780     10.99%     10.99% |          34      0.01%     11.01% |       28583     11.73%     22.74% |       27384     11.24%     33.98% |       29073     11.93%     45.91% |       23868      9.80%     55.71% |       28303     11.62%     67.33% |       26864     11.03%     78.36% |       26363     10.82%     89.18% |       26365     10.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       243617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026938     20.31%     20.31% |           0      0.00%     20.31% |      493503      9.76%     30.06% |      519060     10.26%     40.33% |      521195     10.31%     50.63% |      492949      9.75%     60.38% |      497184      9.83%     70.21% |      528441     10.45%     80.66% |      489615      9.68%     90.34% |      488647      9.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5057532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     17.07%     17.07% |           6     14.63%     31.71% |           7     17.07%     48.78% |          12     29.27%     78.05% |           3      7.32%     85.37% |           5     12.20%     97.56% |           1      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        5151     11.01%     11.02% |        6860     14.67%     25.69% |        6615     14.14%     39.84% |        5556     11.88%     51.72% |        6593     14.10%     65.81% |        6907     14.77%     80.58% |        3901      8.34%     88.92% |        5180     11.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        46768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      232301      9.11%      9.11% |          29      0.00%      9.11% |      284750     11.17%     20.28% |      294576     11.56%     31.84% |      291827     11.45%     43.29% |      285928     11.22%     54.50% |      288673     11.32%     65.83% |      302440     11.86%     77.69% |      283182     11.11%     88.80% |      285489     11.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2549195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6672     14.27%     14.28% |        5474     11.70%     25.98% |        6475     13.84%     39.83% |        4811     10.29%     50.11% |        5954     12.73%     62.84% |        4258      9.10%     71.95% |        7375     15.77%     87.72% |        5744     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        46768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792310     42.02%     42.02% |           0      0.00%     42.02% |      131700      6.98%     49.00% |      140915      7.47%     56.48% |      142663      7.57%     64.04% |      132403      7.02%     71.07% |      137523      7.29%     78.36% |      143441      7.61%     85.97% |      132748      7.04%     93.01% |      131876      6.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1885579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886203     21.92%     21.92% |           0      0.00%     21.92% |      384329      9.51%     31.43% |      402658      9.96%     41.39% |      399981      9.90%     51.29% |      389403      9.63%     60.92% |      392682      9.71%     70.64% |      413338     10.23%     80.86% |      386567      9.56%     90.43% |      387009      9.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4042170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225228      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      304618     11.27%     19.60% |      314974     11.65%     31.25% |      314989     11.65%     42.90% |      304582     11.27%     54.17% |      309794     11.46%     65.63% |      320113     11.84%     77.47% |      304593     11.27%     88.73% |      304629     11.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122863    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664983     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      118403      7.21%     47.68% |      125932      7.66%     55.34% |      125942      7.66%     63.01% |      118518      7.21%     70.22% |      122311      7.44%     77.66% |      129986      7.91%     85.57% |      118622      7.22%     92.79% |      118407      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1643104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11159      8.75%      8.75% |           0      0.00%      8.75% |       13864     10.87%     19.62% |       15417     12.09%     31.71% |       16709     13.10%     44.81% |       13648     10.70%     55.51% |       15409     12.08%     67.60% |       13802     10.82%     78.42% |       14102     11.06%     89.48% |       13421     10.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       127531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7765     94.95%     94.95% |          17      0.21%     95.16% |          76      0.93%     96.09% |          48      0.59%     96.67% |          24      0.29%     96.97% |          42      0.51%     97.48% |          39      0.48%     97.96% |          31      0.38%     98.34% |          76      0.93%     99.27% |          60      0.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         8178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3620    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         153     63.49%     63.49% |           0      0.00%     63.49% |          25     10.37%     73.86% |          11      4.56%     78.42% |          10      4.15%     82.57% |           0      0.00%     82.57% |           6      2.49%     85.06% |           9      3.73%     88.80% |          14      5.81%     94.61% |          13      5.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3376      3.30%      3.30% |           0      0.00%      3.30% |       14451     14.12%     17.42% |       11759     11.49%     28.92% |       12201     11.92%     40.84% |       10064      9.84%     50.68% |       12747     12.46%     63.14% |       12857     12.57%     75.70% |       12091     11.82%     87.52% |       12771     12.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       102317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.63%     97.63% |           0      0.00%     97.63% |          69      0.27%     97.90% |          73      0.29%     98.19% |          75      0.29%     98.48% |          63      0.25%     98.73% |          93      0.36%     99.09% |          59      0.23%     99.32% |         100      0.39%     99.71% |          74      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10336783    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10336783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4580     31.91%     31.91% |           5      0.03%     31.94% |        1172      8.17%     40.11% |        1075      7.49%     47.60% |        1355      9.44%     57.04% |         946      6.59%     63.63% |        1469     10.23%     73.87% |        1111      7.74%     81.61% |        1190      8.29%     89.90% |        1450     10.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122471     38.29%     38.29% |           0      0.00%     38.29% |       23729      7.42%     45.70% |       25977      8.12%     53.83% |       28237      8.83%     62.65% |       23121      7.23%     69.88% |       26164      8.18%     78.06% |       23392      7.31%     85.37% |       24045      7.52%     92.89% |       22744      7.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       319880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3169237     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         325      0.01%     99.92% |         361      0.01%     99.93% |         368      0.01%     99.94% |         401      0.01%     99.96% |         346      0.01%     99.97% |         437      0.01%     99.98% |         319      0.01%     99.99% |         325      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3172119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38455    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10619     16.55%     16.55% |          29      0.05%     16.60% |        7345     11.45%     28.05% |        6641     10.35%     38.40% |        6483     10.11%     48.50% |        6384      9.95%     58.46% |        6722     10.48%     68.93% |        7062     11.01%     79.94% |        6623     10.32%     90.27% |        6245      9.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        64153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      183049      7.63%      7.63% |           0      0.00%      7.63% |      272151     11.35%     18.98% |      281045     11.72%     30.69% |      278637     11.62%     42.31% |      273868     11.42%     53.73% |      275173     11.47%     65.20% |      288293     12.02%     77.22% |      272495     11.36%     88.58% |      273932     11.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2398643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5024     11.00%     11.00% |        6669     14.60%     25.60% |        6456     14.14%     39.74% |        5399     11.82%     51.56% |        6496     14.22%     65.78% |        6810     14.91%     80.70% |        3791      8.30%     89.00% |        5025     11.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        45670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3296166    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3296166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18184090     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         591      0.00%     99.98% |         757      0.00%     99.98% |         747      0.00%     99.99% |         500      0.00%     99.99% |         544      0.00%     99.99% |         545      0.00%     99.99% |         383      0.00%    100.00% |         602      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18188759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         422      1.14%      1.14% |           0      0.00%      1.14% |        6086     16.49%     17.64% |        4157     11.27%     28.90% |        4436     12.02%     40.93% |        2809      7.61%     48.54% |        4633     12.56%     61.10% |        4784     12.97%     74.06% |        4392     11.90%     85.96% |        5179     14.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        36898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703154     42.78%     42.78% |           0      0.00%     42.78% |      112178      6.83%     49.61% |      121613      7.40%     57.01% |      121344      7.38%     64.39% |      115535      7.03%     71.42% |      117509      7.15%     78.57% |      125045      7.61%     86.18% |      114072      6.94%     93.12% |      113077      6.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1643527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     17.07%     17.07% |           6     14.63%     31.71% |           7     17.07%     48.78% |          12     29.27%     78.05% |           3      7.32%     85.37% |           5     12.20%     97.56% |           1      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           4     20.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           3     15.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           6     30.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12258      2.90%      2.90% |           0      0.00%      2.90% |       51621     12.22%     15.13% |       54088     12.81%     27.93% |       54907     13.00%     40.93% |       49714     11.77%     52.70% |       48175     11.41%     64.11% |       55593     13.16%     77.28% |       48541     11.49%     88.77% |       47433     11.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       422330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      232301      9.11%      9.11% |          29      0.00%      9.11% |      284749     11.17%     20.28% |      294573     11.56%     31.84% |      291826     11.45%     43.29% |      285926     11.22%     54.50% |      288673     11.32%     65.83% |      302434     11.86%     77.69% |      283182     11.11%     88.80% |      285488     11.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2549181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        6672     14.27%     14.28% |        5474     11.70%     25.98% |        6475     13.84%     39.83% |        4811     10.29%     50.11% |        5954     12.73%     62.84% |        4258      9.10%     71.95% |        7375     15.77%     87.72% |        5744     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        46768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127174     52.50%     52.50% |           0      0.00%     52.50% |       13271      5.48%     57.98% |       14971      6.18%     64.16% |       16710      6.90%     71.06% |       13884      5.73%     76.79% |       15205      6.28%     83.07% |       13446      5.55%     88.62% |       14111      5.83%     94.44% |       13456      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       242228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      1.54%      1.54% |           0      0.00%      1.54% |       19371     11.34%     12.88% |       24576     14.39%     27.27% |       25869     15.14%     42.41% |       20645     12.09%     54.50% |       17415     10.19%     64.69% |       23257     13.61%     78.31% |       18370     10.75%     89.06% |       18688     10.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       170821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665136     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      118428      7.21%     47.68% |      125943      7.66%     55.34% |      125952      7.66%     63.01% |      118518      7.21%     70.22% |      122317      7.44%     77.66% |      129995      7.91%     85.57% |      118636      7.22%     92.79% |      118420      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           4     28.57%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           3     21.43%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           2     14.29%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           6     42.86%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4222     94.52%     94.52% |           0      0.00%     94.52% |          23      0.51%     95.03% |          48      1.07%     96.10% |          39      0.87%     96.98% |          21      0.47%     97.45% |          11      0.25%     97.69% |          18      0.40%     98.10% |          38      0.85%     98.95% |          47      1.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372     93.51%     93.51% |           0      0.00%     93.51% |          24      0.67%     94.18% |          44      1.22%     95.40% |          36      1.00%     96.39% |          18      0.50%     96.89% |          26      0.72%     97.62% |          35      0.97%     98.59% |          22      0.61%     99.20% |          29      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         114     17.22%     17.22% |          90     13.60%     30.82% |          88     13.29%     44.11% |          78     11.78%     55.89% |          69     10.42%     66.31% |          99     14.95%     81.27% |          55      8.31%     89.58% |          69     10.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         127     11.62%     11.62% |         191     17.47%     29.09% |         159     14.55%     43.64% |         157     14.36%     58.01% |          97      8.87%     66.88% |          97      8.87%     75.75% |         110     10.06%     85.82% |         155     14.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886203     21.93%     21.93% |           0      0.00%     21.93% |      384088      9.51%     31.44% |      402377      9.96%     41.40% |      399734      9.89%     51.29% |      389168      9.63%     60.92% |      392516      9.71%     70.64% |      413142     10.23%     80.86% |      386402      9.56%     90.43% |      386785      9.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4040415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         241     13.73%     13.73% |         281     16.01%     29.74% |         247     14.07%     43.82% |         235     13.39%     57.21% |         166      9.46%     66.67% |         196     11.17%     77.83% |         165      9.40%     87.24% |         224     12.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3920      3.09%      3.09% |        3797      3.00%      6.09% |        3522      2.78%      8.87% |        3536      2.79%     11.66% |        3621      2.86%     14.52% |        4088      3.23%     17.75% |        3808      3.01%     20.75% |        3373      2.66%     23.41% |        3690      2.91%     26.33% |        5222      4.12%     30.45% |        4047      3.19%     33.64% |        3863      3.05%     36.69% |        3755      2.96%     39.66% |        4414      3.48%     43.14% |        3940      3.11%     46.25% |        3829      3.02%     49.27% |        4251      3.36%     52.63% |        4222      3.33%     55.96% |        3697      2.92%     58.88% |        3347      2.64%     61.52% |        3126      2.47%     63.99% |        3780      2.98%     66.97% |        3575      2.82%     69.79% |        3426      2.70%     72.50% |        3685      2.91%     75.40% |        3834      3.03%     78.43% |        3312      2.61%     81.04% |        4755      3.75%     84.80% |        4039      3.19%     87.99% |        5400      4.26%     92.25% |        5245      4.14%     96.39% |        4577      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158809      5.85%      5.85% |       82717      3.05%      8.89% |       81449      3.00%     11.89% |       82580      3.04%     14.94% |       81784      3.01%     17.95% |       81626      3.01%     20.95% |       81074      2.99%     23.94% |       81093      2.99%     26.93% |       81281      2.99%     29.92% |       81608      3.01%     32.92% |       83447      3.07%     36.00% |       82839      3.05%     39.05% |       81812      3.01%     42.06% |       81733      3.01%     45.07% |       81032      2.98%     48.06% |       81145      2.99%     51.04% |       82021      3.02%     54.06% |       81515      3.00%     57.07% |       81842      3.01%     60.08% |       82114      3.02%     63.10% |       81977      3.02%     66.12% |       90530      3.33%     69.46% |       88866      3.27%     72.73% |       81488      3.00%     75.73% |       81424      3.00%     78.73% |       82078      3.02%     81.75% |       81341      3.00%     84.75% |       81200      2.99%     87.74% |       81854      3.01%     90.75% |       81170      2.99%     93.74% |       82033      3.02%     96.76% |       87909      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715391                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64774      3.94%      3.94% |       50613      3.08%      7.02% |       50594      3.08%     10.10% |       51579      3.14%     13.23% |       50337      3.06%     16.30% |       50150      3.05%     19.35% |       50402      3.07%     22.41% |       49918      3.04%     25.45% |       50094      3.05%     28.50% |       50444      3.07%     31.56% |       50582      3.08%     34.64% |       50083      3.05%     37.69% |       49942      3.04%     40.72% |       50515      3.07%     43.80% |       49809      3.03%     46.83% |       49923      3.04%     49.86% |       50009      3.04%     52.91% |       50450      3.07%     55.97% |       50482      3.07%     59.05% |       50436      3.07%     62.11% |       50732      3.09%     65.20% |       56927      3.46%     68.66% |       52010      3.16%     71.83% |       50272      3.06%     74.88% |       50686      3.08%     77.97% |       50279      3.06%     81.02% |       50646      3.08%     84.11% |       50608      3.08%     87.18% |       51143      3.11%     90.29% |       50923      3.10%     93.39% |       53635      3.26%     96.65% |       54998      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1643995                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      214042      5.29%      5.29% |      123976      3.06%      8.36% |      122911      3.04%     11.39% |      125113      3.09%     14.49% |      122999      3.04%     17.53% |      122460      3.03%     20.55% |      122479      3.03%     23.58% |      121898      3.01%     26.60% |      122151      3.02%     29.62% |      122756      3.03%     32.65% |      124280      3.07%     35.72% |      123167      3.04%     38.77% |      121889      3.01%     41.78% |      122549      3.03%     44.81% |      120961      2.99%     47.80% |      120899      2.99%     50.79% |      121818      3.01%     53.80% |      121728      3.01%     56.81% |      121857      3.01%     59.82% |      121994      3.02%     62.84% |      122102      3.02%     65.85% |      136843      3.38%     69.24% |      130394      3.22%     72.46% |      121190      3.00%     75.46% |      121724      3.01%     78.47% |      121975      3.02%     81.48% |      121936      3.01%     84.50% |      121865      3.01%     87.51% |      123283      3.05%     90.56% |      122558      3.03%     93.58% |      126119      3.12%     96.70% |      133398      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4045314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          45      4.11%      4.11% |          17      1.55%      5.67% |          38      3.47%      9.14% |          45      4.11%     13.25% |          42      3.84%     17.09% |          30      2.74%     19.84% |          27      2.47%     22.30% |          34      3.11%     25.41% |          33      3.02%     28.43% |          30      2.74%     31.17% |          19      1.74%     32.91% |          32      2.93%     35.83% |          30      2.74%     38.57% |          29      2.65%     41.22% |          30      2.74%     43.97% |          31      2.83%     46.80% |          27      2.47%     49.27% |          45      4.11%     53.38% |          34      3.11%     56.49% |          37      3.38%     59.87% |          43      3.93%     63.80% |          30      2.74%     66.54% |          42      3.84%     70.38% |          35      3.20%     73.58% |          51      4.66%     78.24% |          49      4.48%     82.72% |          46      4.20%     86.93% |          39      3.56%     90.49% |          32      2.93%     93.42% |          23      2.10%     95.52% |          30      2.74%     98.26% |          19      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       45548      3.85%      3.85% |       36752      3.11%      6.96% |       36608      3.10%     10.05% |       36504      3.09%     13.14% |       36492      3.09%     16.23% |       36535      3.09%     19.32% |       36644      3.10%     22.41% |       36858      3.12%     25.53% |       36804      3.11%     28.64% |       36768      3.11%     31.75% |       36642      3.10%     34.85% |       36561      3.09%     37.94% |       36614      3.10%     41.04% |       36638      3.10%     44.13% |       36746      3.11%     47.24% |       36870      3.12%     50.36% |       36960      3.13%     53.48% |       36740      3.11%     56.59% |       36581      3.09%     59.68% |       36504      3.09%     62.77% |       36514      3.09%     65.86% |       36569      3.09%     68.95% |       36668      3.10%     72.05% |       36856      3.12%     75.17% |       36890      3.12%     78.29% |       36787      3.11%     81.40% |       36644      3.10%     84.49% |       36539      3.09%     87.58% |       36587      3.09%     90.68% |       36592      3.09%     93.77% |       36722      3.10%     96.88% |       36942      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1182679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       44597      3.16%      3.16% |       44294      3.13%      6.29% |       44039      3.12%      9.41% |       43816      3.10%     12.51% |       43856      3.10%     15.61% |       43940      3.11%     18.72% |       44169      3.13%     21.85% |       44370      3.14%     24.99% |       44592      3.16%     28.14% |       44490      3.15%     31.29% |       44405      3.14%     34.43% |       44147      3.12%     37.56% |       44194      3.13%     40.68% |       44212      3.13%     43.81% |       44234      3.13%     46.94% |       44408      3.14%     50.09% |       44481      3.15%     53.23% |       44398      3.14%     56.37% |       44042      3.12%     59.49% |       43853      3.10%     62.59% |       43899      3.11%     65.70% |       44189      3.13%     68.83% |       44081      3.12%     71.95% |       44178      3.13%     75.07% |       44327      3.14%     78.21% |       44323      3.14%     81.35% |       43873      3.10%     84.45% |       43648      3.09%     87.54% |       43694      3.09%     90.63% |       43883      3.11%     93.74% |       44118      3.12%     96.86% |       44367      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1413117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       91257      3.47%      3.47% |       82093      3.12%      6.59% |       81692      3.11%      9.70% |       81366      3.09%     12.79% |       81393      3.10%     15.89% |       81519      3.10%     18.99% |       81859      3.11%     22.10% |       82274      3.13%     25.23% |       82442      3.14%     28.37% |       82304      3.13%     31.50% |       82094      3.12%     34.62% |       81754      3.11%     37.73% |       81854      3.11%     40.84% |       81896      3.11%     43.96% |       82026      3.12%     47.08% |       82324      3.13%     50.21% |       82487      3.14%     53.35% |       82184      3.13%     56.47% |       81669      3.11%     59.58% |       81403      3.10%     62.67% |       81458      3.10%     65.77% |       81802      3.11%     68.88% |       81795      3.11%     71.99% |       82080      3.12%     75.12% |       82263      3.13%     78.24% |       82156      3.12%     81.37% |       81563      3.10%     84.47% |       81232      3.09%     87.56% |       81327      3.09%     90.65% |       81521      3.10%     93.75% |       81886      3.11%     96.87% |       82355      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2629328                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       90233      3.48%      3.48% |       81069      3.12%      6.60% |       80668      3.11%      9.70% |       80342      3.09%     12.80% |       80369      3.10%     15.89% |       80495      3.10%     18.99% |       80835      3.11%     22.11% |       81250      3.13%     25.24% |       81418      3.14%     28.37% |       81280      3.13%     31.50% |       81070      3.12%     34.62% |       80730      3.11%     37.73% |       80830      3.11%     40.85% |       80872      3.11%     43.96% |       81002      3.12%     47.08% |       81300      3.13%     50.21% |       81463      3.14%     53.35% |       81160      3.13%     56.47% |       80645      3.11%     59.58% |       80379      3.10%     62.68% |       80435      3.10%     65.77% |       80778      3.11%     68.88% |       80771      3.11%     71.99% |       81056      3.12%     75.12% |       81239      3.13%     78.25% |       81132      3.12%     81.37% |       80539      3.10%     84.47% |       80208      3.09%     87.56% |       80303      3.09%     90.65% |       80497      3.10%     93.75% |       80862      3.11%     96.87% |       81331      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2596561                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1197      3.21%      3.21% |        1140      3.06%      6.28% |        1183      3.18%      9.45% |        1215      3.26%     12.72% |        1194      3.21%     15.92% |        1139      3.06%     18.98% |        1121      3.01%     21.99% |        1144      3.07%     25.06% |        1143      3.07%     28.13% |        1160      3.12%     31.25% |        1200      3.22%     34.47% |        1168      3.14%     37.61% |        1172      3.15%     40.76% |        1148      3.08%     43.84% |        1105      2.97%     46.81% |        1120      3.01%     49.81% |        1102      2.96%     52.77% |        1155      3.10%     55.87% |        1178      3.16%     59.04% |        1209      3.25%     62.28% |        1286      3.45%     65.74% |        1212      3.25%     68.99% |        1136      3.05%     72.04% |        1162      3.12%     75.16% |        1114      2.99%     78.16% |        1131      3.04%     81.19% |        1156      3.10%     84.30% |        1214      3.26%     87.56% |        1191      3.20%     90.76% |        1162      3.12%     93.88% |        1139      3.06%     96.94% |        1141      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        37237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1439      3.06%      3.06% |        1388      2.95%      6.00% |        1401      2.98%      8.98% |        1394      2.96%     11.94% |        1488      3.16%     15.10% |        1450      3.08%     18.18% |        1429      3.03%     21.21% |        1394      2.96%     24.17% |        1401      2.98%     27.15% |        1374      2.92%     30.07% |        1448      3.07%     33.14% |        1483      3.15%     36.29% |        1465      3.11%     39.40% |        1450      3.08%     42.48% |        1495      3.17%     45.66% |        1461      3.10%     48.76% |        1447      3.07%     51.83% |        1448      3.07%     54.91% |        1568      3.33%     58.24% |        1574      3.34%     61.58% |        1580      3.36%     64.93% |        1477      3.14%     68.07% |        1577      3.35%     71.42% |        1471      3.12%     74.54% |        1447      3.07%     77.62% |        1457      3.09%     80.71% |        1513      3.21%     83.92% |        1500      3.19%     87.11% |        1580      3.36%     90.46% |        1518      3.22%     93.69% |        1539      3.27%     96.95% |        1434      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        47090                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1935      3.00%      3.00% |        1837      2.85%      5.86% |        1846      2.87%      8.72% |        1721      2.67%     11.39% |        1826      2.83%     14.23% |        1775      2.76%     16.98% |        1839      2.86%     19.84% |        1782      2.77%     22.61% |        1875      2.91%     25.52% |        1847      2.87%     28.38% |        1974      3.06%     31.45% |        1971      3.06%     34.51% |        2059      3.20%     37.71% |        2010      3.12%     40.83% |        2091      3.25%     44.07% |        2106      3.27%     47.34% |        2194      3.41%     50.75% |        2126      3.30%     54.05% |        2226      3.46%     57.50% |        2210      3.43%     60.94% |        2236      3.47%     64.41% |        2156      3.35%     67.75% |        2255      3.50%     71.26% |        2201      3.42%     74.67% |        2229      3.46%     78.13% |        2131      3.31%     81.44% |        2131      3.31%     84.75% |        2009      3.12%     87.87% |        2014      3.13%     91.00% |        1915      2.97%     93.97% |        2001      3.11%     97.08% |        1884      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        64412                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4432      3.13%      3.13% |        4262      3.01%      6.14% |        4197      2.96%      9.10% |        4092      2.89%     11.99% |        4242      2.99%     14.98% |        4123      2.91%     17.90% |        4241      2.99%     20.89% |        4289      3.03%     23.92% |        4361      3.08%     27.00% |        4201      2.97%     29.96% |        4424      3.12%     33.09% |        4401      3.11%     36.19% |        4550      3.21%     39.40% |        4414      3.12%     42.52% |        4522      3.19%     45.71% |        4589      3.24%     48.95% |        4567      3.22%     52.18% |        4488      3.17%     55.35% |        4569      3.23%     58.57% |        4489      3.17%     61.74% |        4496      3.17%     64.92% |        4629      3.27%     68.18% |        4627      3.27%     71.45% |        4627      3.27%     74.72% |        4680      3.30%     78.02% |        4653      3.28%     81.31% |        4550      3.21%     84.52% |        4320      3.05%     87.57% |        4344      3.07%     90.63% |        4362      3.08%     93.71% |        4449      3.14%     96.85% |        4455      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       141645                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1427      3.05%      3.05% |        1384      2.96%      6.01% |        1389      2.97%      8.98% |        1383      2.96%     11.94% |        1478      3.16%     15.10% |        1443      3.09%     18.18% |        1418      3.03%     21.22% |        1384      2.96%     24.17% |        1393      2.98%     27.15% |        1367      2.92%     30.08% |        1442      3.08%     33.16% |        1474      3.15%     36.31% |        1456      3.11%     39.42% |        1441      3.08%     42.51% |        1483      3.17%     45.68% |        1455      3.11%     48.79% |        1440      3.08%     51.87% |        1434      3.07%     54.93% |        1556      3.33%     58.26% |        1558      3.33%     61.59% |        1567      3.35%     64.94% |        1467      3.14%     68.08% |        1567      3.35%     71.43% |        1462      3.13%     74.56% |        1426      3.05%     77.60% |        1445      3.09%     80.69% |        1503      3.21%     83.91% |        1486      3.18%     87.09% |        1569      3.35%     90.44% |        1510      3.23%     93.67% |        1534      3.28%     96.95% |        1427      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        46768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      218774      5.22%      5.22% |      128542      3.07%      8.28% |      127493      3.04%     11.33% |      129704      3.09%     14.42% |      127717      3.05%     17.46% |      127029      3.03%     20.49% |      127059      3.03%     23.53% |      126513      3.02%     26.54% |      126725      3.02%     29.57% |      127186      3.03%     32.60% |      128991      3.08%     35.68% |      127765      3.05%     38.72% |      126448      3.02%     41.74% |      127036      3.03%     44.77% |      125521      2.99%     47.76% |      125487      2.99%     50.76% |      126266      3.01%     53.77% |      126189      3.01%     56.78% |      126469      3.02%     59.79% |      126557      3.02%     62.81% |      126785      3.02%     65.84% |      141489      3.37%     69.21% |      135059      3.22%     72.43% |      125783      3.00%     75.43% |      126229      3.01%     78.44% |      126584      3.02%     81.46% |      126563      3.02%     84.48% |      126467      3.02%     87.50% |      128019      3.05%     90.55% |      127213      3.03%     93.59% |      130816      3.12%     96.71% |      138080      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4192558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         507      3.21%      3.21% |         452      2.86%      6.07% |         451      2.85%      8.92% |         447      2.83%     11.75% |         474      3.00%     14.75% |         429      2.71%     17.47% |         466      2.95%     20.42% |         489      3.09%     23.51% |         522      3.30%     26.81% |         452      2.86%     29.67% |         481      3.04%     32.72% |         493      3.12%     35.84% |         592      3.75%     39.58% |         514      3.25%     42.84% |         501      3.17%     46.01% |         505      3.20%     49.20% |         507      3.21%     52.41% |         526      3.33%     55.74% |         518      3.28%     59.02% |         478      3.02%     62.04% |         463      2.93%     64.97% |         502      3.18%     68.15% |         471      2.98%     71.13% |         452      2.86%     73.99% |         515      3.26%     77.25% |         559      3.54%     80.79% |         503      3.18%     83.97% |         458      2.90%     86.87% |         455      2.88%     89.75% |         552      3.49%     93.24% |         546      3.46%     96.70% |         522      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15802                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52963      3.75%      3.75% |       44057      3.12%      6.87% |       43788      3.10%      9.97% |       43514      3.08%     13.05% |       43528      3.08%     16.13% |       43708      3.09%     19.23% |       43889      3.11%     22.34% |       44104      3.12%     25.46% |       44269      3.13%     28.59% |       44247      3.13%     31.73% |       44127      3.12%     34.85% |       43814      3.10%     37.95% |       43769      3.10%     41.05% |       43902      3.11%     44.16% |       43943      3.11%     47.27% |       44122      3.12%     50.40% |       44232      3.13%     53.53% |       44058      3.12%     56.65% |       43714      3.10%     59.74% |       43534      3.08%     62.83% |       43526      3.08%     65.91% |       43852      3.11%     69.01% |       43847      3.10%     72.12% |       43971      3.11%     75.23% |       44069      3.12%     78.35% |       43994      3.12%     81.47% |       43582      3.09%     84.55% |       43372      3.07%     87.62% |       43442      3.08%     90.70% |       43526      3.08%     93.78% |       43762      3.10%     96.88% |       44065      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1412290                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       37787      3.15%      3.15% |       37584      3.13%      6.27% |       37453      3.12%      9.39% |       37405      3.11%     12.51% |       37391      3.11%     15.62% |       37382      3.11%     18.73% |       37504      3.12%     21.85% |       37681      3.14%     24.99% |       37651      3.13%     28.12% |       37605      3.13%     31.25% |       37486      3.12%     34.38% |       37447      3.12%     37.49% |       37493      3.12%     40.61% |       37480      3.12%     43.73% |       37582      3.13%     46.86% |       37697      3.14%     50.00% |       37748      3.14%     53.14% |       37600      3.13%     56.27% |       37437      3.12%     59.39% |       37391      3.11%     62.50% |       37469      3.12%     65.62% |       37448      3.12%     68.74% |       37477      3.12%     71.86% |       37657      3.13%     74.99% |       37679      3.14%     78.13% |       37603      3.13%     81.26% |       37478      3.12%     84.38% |       37403      3.11%     87.49% |       37430      3.12%     90.61% |       37443      3.12%     93.73% |       37578      3.13%     96.86% |       37768      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1201237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          22      4.26%      4.26% |           9      1.74%      6.01% |          18      3.49%      9.50% |          21      4.07%     13.57% |          23      4.46%     18.02% |          16      3.10%     21.12% |          12      2.33%     23.45% |          17      3.29%     26.74% |          17      3.29%     30.04% |          12      2.33%     32.36% |          10      1.94%     34.30% |          15      2.91%     37.21% |          13      2.52%     39.73% |          16      3.10%     42.83% |          13      2.52%     45.35% |          14      2.71%     48.06% |          12      2.33%     50.39% |          21      4.07%     54.46% |          15      2.91%     57.36% |          17      3.29%     60.66% |          23      4.46%     65.12% |          13      2.52%     67.64% |          19      3.68%     71.32% |          16      3.10%     74.42% |          24      4.65%     79.07% |          22      4.26%     83.33% |          22      4.26%     87.60% |          18      3.49%     91.09% |          13      2.52%     93.60% |          12      2.33%     95.93% |          13      2.52%     98.45% |           8      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          516                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2453      2.92%      2.92% |        2529      3.01%      5.93% |        2386      2.84%      8.77% |        2426      2.89%     11.66% |        2301      2.74%     14.40% |        2627      3.13%     17.53% |        2264      2.70%     20.22% |        2286      2.72%     22.95% |        2323      2.77%     25.71% |        2451      2.92%     28.63% |        2513      2.99%     31.62% |        2572      3.06%     34.68% |        2605      3.10%     37.78% |        2529      3.01%     40.80% |        2595      3.09%     43.89% |        2738      3.26%     47.14% |        2791      3.32%     50.47% |        2836      3.38%     53.84% |        2882      3.43%     57.28% |        2968      3.53%     60.81% |        2878      3.43%     64.24% |        2863      3.41%     67.64% |        2827      3.37%     71.01% |        2923      3.48%     74.49% |        2856      3.40%     77.89% |        2904      3.46%     81.35% |        2701      3.22%     84.56% |        2769      3.30%     87.86% |        2602      3.10%     90.96% |        2613      3.11%     94.07% |        2500      2.98%     97.05% |        2481      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        83992                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          22      2.09%      2.09% |          20      1.90%      3.99% |          20      1.90%      5.89% |          28      2.66%      8.55% |          20      1.90%     10.45% |          24      2.28%     12.73% |          21      1.99%     14.72% |          25      2.37%     17.09% |          20      1.90%     18.99% |          24      2.28%     21.27% |          34      3.23%     24.50% |          41      3.89%     28.40% |          40      3.80%     32.19% |          50      4.75%     36.94% |          42      3.99%     40.93% |          30      2.85%     43.78% |          37      3.51%     47.29% |          31      2.94%     50.24% |          42      3.99%     54.23% |          59      5.60%     59.83% |          47      4.46%     64.29% |          46      4.37%     68.66% |          46      4.37%     73.03% |          39      3.70%     76.73% |          45      4.27%     81.01% |          33      3.13%     84.14% |          36      3.42%     87.56% |          42      3.99%     91.55% |          22      2.09%     93.64% |          21      1.99%     95.63% |          24      2.28%     97.91% |          22      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2348      3.03%      3.03% |        2236      2.89%      5.92% |        2181      2.82%      8.73% |        2111      2.72%     11.46% |        2226      2.87%     14.33% |        2164      2.79%     17.12% |        2198      2.84%     19.96% |        2216      2.86%     22.82% |        2296      2.96%     25.78% |        2244      2.90%     28.68% |        2345      3.03%     31.71% |        2406      3.11%     34.81% |        2552      3.29%     38.11% |        2460      3.18%     41.28% |        2490      3.21%     44.50% |        2540      3.28%     47.78% |        2592      3.35%     51.12% |        2585      3.34%     54.46% |        2641      3.41%     57.87% |        2611      3.37%     61.24% |        2589      3.34%     64.58% |        2570      3.32%     67.90% |        2610      3.37%     71.27% |        2578      3.33%     74.59% |        2641      3.41%     78.00% |        2613      3.37%     81.38% |        2511      3.24%     84.62% |        2385      3.08%     87.69% |        2372      3.06%     90.76% |        2391      3.09%     93.84% |        2431      3.14%     96.98% |        2339      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        77472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      101470      8.80%      8.80% |       34288      2.97%     11.78% |       33469      2.90%     14.68% |       34904      3.03%     17.71% |       34133      2.96%     20.67% |       33480      2.90%     23.57% |       33099      2.87%     26.44% |       32867      2.85%     29.30% |       32792      2.84%     32.14% |       32980      2.86%     35.00% |       34762      3.02%     38.02% |       34369      2.98%     41.00% |       33306      2.89%     43.89% |       33181      2.88%     46.77% |       32330      2.80%     49.57% |       32083      2.78%     52.35% |       32747      2.84%     55.19% |       32388      2.81%     58.00% |       32937      2.86%     60.86% |       33255      2.88%     63.74% |       33240      2.88%     66.63% |       41420      3.59%     70.22% |       39825      3.45%     73.68% |       32263      2.80%     76.47% |       32227      2.80%     79.27% |       32969      2.86%     82.13% |       32892      2.85%     84.98% |       32973      2.86%     87.84% |       33805      2.93%     90.78% |       33108      2.87%     93.65% |       33792      2.93%     96.58% |       39431      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1152785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26961      6.10%      6.10% |       13012      2.94%      9.04% |       13127      2.97%     12.01% |       14162      3.20%     15.22% |       12936      2.93%     18.14% |       12751      2.88%     21.03% |       12890      2.92%     23.94% |       12220      2.76%     26.71% |       12426      2.81%     29.52% |       12819      2.90%     32.42% |       13076      2.96%     35.38% |       12619      2.85%     38.23% |       12432      2.81%     41.04% |       13017      2.94%     43.99% |       12210      2.76%     46.75% |       12203      2.76%     49.51% |       12236      2.77%     52.28% |       12830      2.90%     55.18% |       13012      2.94%     58.12% |       13025      2.95%     61.07% |       13170      2.98%     64.05% |       19415      4.39%     68.44% |       14520      3.28%     71.73% |       12584      2.85%     74.57% |       12973      2.93%     77.51% |       12657      2.86%     80.37% |       13151      2.98%     83.35% |       13188      2.98%     86.33% |       13702      3.10%     89.43% |       13473      3.05%     92.48% |       16040      3.63%     96.11% |       17210      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       442047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       45027      3.86%      3.86% |       36233      3.11%      6.97% |       36063      3.09%     10.06% |       35971      3.08%     13.15% |       35972      3.08%     16.23% |       36013      3.09%     19.32% |       36160      3.10%     22.42% |       36328      3.12%     25.54% |       36302      3.11%     28.65% |       36240      3.11%     31.76% |       36093      3.10%     34.85% |       36059      3.09%     37.94% |       36100      3.10%     41.04% |       36120      3.10%     44.14% |       36254      3.11%     47.25% |       36362      3.12%     50.36% |       36448      3.13%     53.49% |       36240      3.11%     56.60% |       36069      3.09%     59.69% |       35998      3.09%     62.78% |       35972      3.08%     65.86% |       36070      3.09%     68.96% |       36155      3.10%     72.06% |       36296      3.11%     75.17% |       36364      3.12%     78.29% |       36287      3.11%     81.40% |       36128      3.10%     84.50% |       35993      3.09%     87.58% |       36046      3.09%     90.68% |       36076      3.09%     93.77% |       36227      3.11%     96.88% |       36425      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1166091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39532      3.16%      3.16% |       39407      3.15%      6.31% |       39191      3.13%      9.45% |       39030      3.12%     12.57% |       38929      3.11%     15.68% |       39191      3.13%     18.81% |       39280      3.14%     21.96% |       39458      3.16%     25.11% |       39582      3.17%     28.28% |       39651      3.17%     31.45% |       39324      3.14%     34.59% |       39071      3.12%     37.72% |       38976      3.12%     40.83% |       39159      3.13%     43.96% |       39087      3.13%     47.09% |       39201      3.13%     50.22% |       39316      3.14%     53.37% |       39241      3.14%     56.51% |       38795      3.10%     59.61% |       38645      3.09%     62.70% |       38646      3.09%     65.79% |       38835      3.11%     68.89% |       38821      3.10%     72.00% |       38941      3.11%     75.11% |       39038      3.12%     78.23% |       39027      3.12%     81.35% |       38673      3.09%     84.45% |       38645      3.09%     87.54% |       38689      3.09%     90.63% |       38867      3.11%     93.74% |       39020      3.12%     96.86% |       39281      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1250549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1427      3.05%      3.05% |        1384      2.96%      6.01% |        1389      2.97%      8.98% |        1383      2.96%     11.94% |        1478      3.16%     15.10% |        1443      3.09%     18.18% |        1418      3.03%     21.22% |        1384      2.96%     24.17% |        1393      2.98%     27.15% |        1367      2.92%     30.08% |        1442      3.08%     33.16% |        1474      3.15%     36.31% |        1456      3.11%     39.42% |        1441      3.08%     42.51% |        1483      3.17%     45.68% |        1455      3.11%     48.79% |        1440      3.08%     51.87% |        1434      3.07%     54.93% |        1556      3.33%     58.26% |        1558      3.33%     61.59% |        1567      3.35%     64.94% |        1467      3.14%     68.08% |        1567      3.35%     71.43% |        1462      3.13%     74.56% |        1426      3.05%     77.60% |        1445      3.09%     80.69% |        1503      3.21%     83.91% |        1486      3.18%     87.09% |        1569      3.35%     90.44% |        1510      3.23%     93.67% |        1534      3.28%     96.95% |        1427      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        46768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           6     14.63%     14.63% |           0      0.00%     14.63% |           0      0.00%     14.63% |           0      0.00%     14.63% |           3      7.32%     21.95% |           1      2.44%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           2      4.88%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           2      4.88%     34.15% |           2      4.88%     39.02% |           0      0.00%     39.02% |           0      0.00%     39.02% |           2      4.88%     43.90% |           2      4.88%     48.78% |           7     17.07%     65.85% |           0      0.00%     65.85% |           0      0.00%     65.85% |           0      0.00%     65.85% |           4      9.76%     75.61% |           0      0.00%     75.61% |           1      2.44%     78.05% |           2      4.88%     82.93% |           3      7.32%     90.24% |           0      0.00%     90.24% |           2      4.88%     95.12% |           2      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      213923      5.29%      5.29% |      123865      3.07%      8.36% |      122781      3.04%     11.40% |      124987      3.09%     14.49% |      122901      3.04%     17.53% |      122354      3.03%     20.56% |      122347      3.03%     23.59% |      121772      3.01%     26.60% |      122002      3.02%     29.62% |      122583      3.03%     32.66% |      124160      3.07%     35.73% |      123007      3.04%     38.78% |      121709      3.01%     41.79% |      122367      3.03%     44.82% |      120779      2.99%     47.81% |      120732      2.99%     50.79% |      121641      3.01%     53.80% |      121577      3.01%     56.81% |      121706      3.01%     59.83% |      121801      3.01%     62.84% |      121909      3.02%     65.86% |      136631      3.38%     69.24% |      130220      3.22%     72.46% |      120980      2.99%     75.46% |      121521      3.01%     78.46% |      121839      3.02%     81.48% |      121756      3.01%     84.49% |      121703      3.01%     87.50% |      123163      3.05%     90.55% |      122441      3.03%     93.58% |      125999      3.12%     96.70% |      133259      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4040415                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         520      3.14%      3.14% |         518      3.13%      6.27% |         544      3.28%      9.55% |         532      3.21%     12.76% |         520      3.14%     15.90% |         519      3.13%     19.03% |         482      2.91%     21.94% |         530      3.20%     25.14% |         502      3.03%     28.17% |         527      3.18%     31.35% |         549      3.31%     34.66% |         502      3.03%     37.69% |         513      3.10%     40.79% |         518      3.13%     43.92% |         491      2.96%     46.88% |         508      3.07%     49.95% |         512      3.09%     53.04% |         500      3.02%     56.05% |         511      3.08%     59.14% |         506      3.05%     62.19% |         542      3.27%     65.46% |         497      3.00%     68.46% |         513      3.10%     71.56% |         560      3.38%     74.94% |         524      3.16%     78.10% |         500      3.02%     81.12% |         515      3.11%     84.23% |         546      3.30%     87.52% |         541      3.27%     90.79% |         516      3.11%     93.90% |         495      2.99%     96.89% |         515      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        16568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2716      3.19%      3.19% |        2651      3.12%      6.31% |        2666      3.13%      9.44% |        2674      3.14%     12.58% |        2700      3.17%     15.76% |        2583      3.04%     18.79% |        2691      3.16%     21.96% |        2696      3.17%     25.12% |        2714      3.19%     28.31% |        2595      3.05%     31.36% |        2736      3.22%     34.58% |        2670      3.14%     37.72% |        2665      3.13%     40.85% |        2593      3.05%     43.90% |        2657      3.12%     47.02% |        2667      3.13%     50.15% |        2572      3.02%     53.18% |        2572      3.02%     56.20% |        2606      3.06%     59.26% |        2597      3.05%     62.31% |        2664      3.13%     65.45% |        2782      3.27%     68.72% |        2650      3.11%     71.83% |        2659      3.13%     74.95% |        2648      3.11%     78.07% |        2683      3.15%     81.22% |        2689      3.16%     84.38% |        2618      3.08%     87.46% |        2633      3.09%     90.55% |        2625      3.09%     93.64% |        2667      3.13%     96.77% |        2747      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        85086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      6.97%      6.97% |           0      0.00%      6.97% |           0      0.00%      6.97% |           0      0.00%      6.97% |          47     23.38%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |           0      0.00%     30.35% |          42     20.90%     51.24% |          47     23.38%     74.63% |          51     25.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          22      1.68%      1.68% |          24      1.83%      3.51% |          35      2.67%      6.17% |          32      2.44%      8.61% |          26      1.98%     10.59% |          19      1.45%     12.04% |          29      2.21%     14.25% |          37      2.82%     17.07% |          22      1.68%     18.75% |          42      3.20%     21.95% |          73      5.56%     27.52% |          44      3.35%     30.87% |          43      3.28%     34.15% |          43      3.28%     37.42% |          33      2.52%     39.94% |          57      4.34%     44.28% |          36      2.74%     47.03% |          39      2.97%     50.00% |          34      2.59%     52.59% |          40      3.05%     55.64% |          32      2.44%     58.08% |         161     12.27%     70.35% |          61      4.65%     75.00% |          71      5.41%     80.41% |          42      3.20%     83.61% |          43      3.28%     86.89% |          44      3.35%     90.24% |          38      2.90%     93.14% |          20      1.52%     94.66% |          20      1.52%     96.19% |          18      1.37%     97.56% |          32      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          19      3.24%      3.24% |          15      2.56%      5.80% |          13      2.22%      8.02% |          11      1.88%      9.90% |           7      1.19%     11.09% |          15      2.56%     13.65% |           8      1.37%     15.02% |          17      2.90%     17.92% |          17      2.90%     20.82% |          18      3.07%     23.89% |          20      3.41%     27.30% |          17      2.90%     30.20% |          10      1.71%     31.91% |          18      3.07%     34.98% |          15      2.56%     37.54% |          21      3.58%     41.13% |          25      4.27%     45.39% |          20      3.41%     48.81% |          27      4.61%     53.41% |          17      2.90%     56.31% |          68     11.60%     67.92% |          18      3.07%     70.99% |          13      2.22%     73.21% |          31      5.29%     78.50% |          28      4.78%     83.28% |          19      3.24%     86.52% |          16      2.73%     89.25% |          15      2.56%     91.81% |           8      1.37%     93.17% |           7      1.19%     94.37% |          15      2.56%     96.93% |          18      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          586                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           5      3.42%      3.42% |           3      2.05%      5.48% |           3      2.05%      7.53% |           4      2.74%     10.27% |           4      2.74%     13.01% |           1      0.68%     13.70% |           6      4.11%     17.81% |           4      2.74%     20.55% |           3      2.05%     22.60% |           6      4.11%     26.71% |           0      0.00%     26.71% |           5      3.42%     30.14% |           6      4.11%     34.25% |           4      2.74%     36.99% |           4      2.74%     39.73% |           6      4.11%     43.84% |           6      4.11%     47.95% |           4      2.74%     50.68% |           4      2.74%     53.42% |           4      2.74%     56.16% |           4      2.74%     58.90% |           7      4.79%     63.70% |           6      4.11%     67.81% |           3      2.05%     69.86% |           5      3.42%     73.29% |           8      5.48%     78.77% |           3      2.05%     80.82% |           6      4.11%     84.93% |          10      6.85%     91.78% |           2      1.37%     93.15% |           6      4.11%     97.26% |           4      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          146                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       90233      3.48%      3.48% |       81069      3.12%      6.60% |       80668      3.11%      9.70% |       80342      3.09%     12.80% |       80369      3.10%     15.89% |       80495      3.10%     18.99% |       80835      3.11%     22.11% |       81250      3.13%     25.24% |       81418      3.14%     28.37% |       81280      3.13%     31.50% |       81070      3.12%     34.62% |       80730      3.11%     37.73% |       80830      3.11%     40.85% |       80872      3.11%     43.96% |       81002      3.12%     47.08% |       81300      3.13%     50.21% |       81463      3.14%     53.35% |       81160      3.13%     56.47% |       80645      3.11%     59.58% |       80379      3.10%     62.68% |       80435      3.10%     65.77% |       80778      3.11%     68.88% |       80771      3.11%     71.99% |       81056      3.12%     75.12% |       81239      3.13%     78.25% |       81132      3.12%     81.37% |       80539      3.10%     84.47% |       80208      3.09%     87.56% |       80303      3.09%     90.65% |       80497      3.10%     93.75% |       80862      3.11%     96.87% |       81331      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2596561                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      3.28%      3.28% |           1      1.64%      4.92% |           1      1.64%      6.56% |           3      4.92%     11.48% |           3      4.92%     16.39% |           4      6.56%     22.95% |           2      3.28%     26.23% |           3      4.92%     31.15% |           3      4.92%     36.07% |           1      1.64%     37.70% |           0      0.00%     37.70% |           3      4.92%     42.62% |           1      1.64%     44.26% |           0      0.00%     44.26% |           2      3.28%     47.54% |           1      1.64%     49.18% |           2      3.28%     52.46% |           2      3.28%     55.74% |           0      0.00%     55.74% |           0      0.00%     55.74% |           2      3.28%     59.02% |           1      1.64%     60.66% |           6      9.84%     70.49% |           3      4.92%     75.41% |           3      4.92%     80.33% |           4      6.56%     86.89% |           4      6.56%     93.44% |           1      1.64%     95.08% |           0      0.00%     95.08% |           1      1.64%     96.72% |           2      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           61                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         573      3.46%      3.46% |         516      3.11%      6.57% |         543      3.28%      9.85% |         530      3.20%     13.04% |         519      3.13%     16.17% |         518      3.13%     19.30% |         481      2.90%     22.20% |         528      3.19%     25.39% |         501      3.02%     28.41% |         526      3.17%     31.58% |         546      3.29%     34.88% |         500      3.02%     37.89% |         513      3.10%     40.99% |         517      3.12%     44.11% |         490      2.96%     47.06% |         507      3.06%     50.12% |         512      3.09%     53.21% |         499      3.01%     56.22% |         510      3.08%     59.30% |         505      3.05%     62.35% |         540      3.26%     65.60% |         494      2.98%     68.59% |         510      3.08%     71.66% |         557      3.36%     75.02% |         522      3.15%     78.17% |         498      3.00%     81.18% |         515      3.11%     84.28% |         545      3.29%     87.57% |         538      3.25%     90.82% |         515      3.11%     93.92% |         495      2.99%     96.91% |         512      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        16575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.88%      5.88% |           2      3.92%      9.80% |           1      1.96%     11.76% |           2      3.92%     15.69% |           1      1.96%     17.65% |           1      1.96%     19.61% |           1      1.96%     21.57% |           3      5.88%     27.45% |           1      1.96%     29.41% |           2      3.92%     33.33% |           3      5.88%     39.22% |           2      3.92%     43.14% |           0      0.00%     43.14% |           1      1.96%     45.10% |           1      1.96%     47.06% |           1      1.96%     49.02% |           0      0.00%     49.02% |           1      1.96%     50.98% |           1      1.96%     52.94% |           1      1.96%     54.90% |           2      3.92%     58.82% |           3      5.88%     64.71% |           3      5.88%     70.59% |           4      7.84%     78.43% |           2      3.92%     82.35% |           2      3.92%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           3      5.88%     92.16% |           1      1.96%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           3      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.13%      2.13% |           1      2.13%      4.26% |           0      0.00%      4.26% |           1      2.13%      6.38% |           0      0.00%      6.38% |           1      2.13%      8.51% |           1      2.13%     10.64% |           1      2.13%     12.77% |           0      0.00%     12.77% |           1      2.13%     14.89% |           1      2.13%     17.02% |           1      2.13%     19.15% |           0      0.00%     19.15% |           0      0.00%     19.15% |           0      0.00%     19.15% |           0      0.00%     19.15% |           2      4.26%     23.40% |           0      0.00%     23.40% |          33     70.21%     93.62% |           1      2.13%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           2      4.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     28.57%     28.57% |          45     71.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           63                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          15      4.23%      4.23% |           4      1.13%      5.35% |          16      4.51%      9.86% |          17      4.79%     14.65% |          12      3.38%     18.03% |           8      2.25%     20.28% |           7      1.97%     22.25% |           9      2.54%     24.79% |           7      1.97%     26.76% |          10      2.82%     29.58% |           9      2.54%     32.11% |           9      2.54%     34.65% |           9      2.54%     37.18% |           9      2.54%     39.72% |          11      3.10%     42.82% |           8      2.25%     45.07% |           7      1.97%     47.04% |          18      5.07%     52.11% |          15      4.23%     56.34% |          15      4.23%     60.56% |          14      3.94%     64.51% |           9      2.54%     67.04% |          11      3.10%     70.14% |          12      3.38%     73.52% |          19      5.35%     78.87% |          13      3.66%     82.54% |          16      4.51%     87.04% |          14      3.94%     90.99% |           9      2.54%     93.52% |           8      2.25%     95.77% |           9      2.54%     98.31% |           6      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          355                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         624      3.02%      3.02% |         624      3.02%      6.04% |         640      3.10%      9.14% |         685      3.32%     12.46% |         675      3.27%     15.72% |         621      3.01%     18.73% |         640      3.10%     21.83% |         616      2.98%     24.81% |         642      3.11%     27.92% |         634      3.07%     30.99% |         654      3.17%     34.15% |         668      3.23%     37.39% |         659      3.19%     40.58% |         631      3.05%     43.63% |         615      2.98%     46.61% |         613      2.97%     49.58% |         590      2.86%     52.43% |         656      3.18%     55.61% |         668      3.23%     58.84% |         704      3.41%     62.25% |         746      3.61%     65.86% |         716      3.47%     69.33% |         626      3.03%     72.36% |         605      2.93%     75.29% |         592      2.87%     78.15% |         633      3.06%     81.22% |         640      3.10%     84.32% |         669      3.24%     87.55% |         653      3.16%     90.72% |         647      3.13%     93.85% |         644      3.12%     96.96% |         627      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        20657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          12      3.67%      3.67% |           4      1.22%      4.89% |          12      3.67%      8.56% |          11      3.36%     11.93% |          10      3.06%     14.98% |           7      2.14%     17.13% |          11      3.36%     20.49% |          10      3.06%     23.55% |           8      2.45%     25.99% |           7      2.14%     28.13% |           6      1.83%     29.97% |           9      2.75%     32.72% |           9      2.75%     35.47% |           9      2.75%     38.23% |          12      3.67%     41.90% |           6      1.83%     43.73% |           7      2.14%     45.87% |          14      4.28%     50.15% |          12      3.67%     53.82% |          16      4.89%     58.72% |          13      3.98%     62.69% |          12      3.67%     66.36% |          10      3.06%     69.42% |           9      2.75%     72.17% |          21      6.42%     78.59% |          12      3.67%     82.26% |          11      3.36%     85.63% |          14      4.28%     89.91% |          11      3.36%     93.27% |           8      2.45%     95.72% |           5      1.53%     97.25% |           9      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          327                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2080      3.24%      3.24% |        2023      3.16%      6.40% |        2014      3.14%      9.54% |        1978      3.09%     12.63% |        2015      3.14%     15.77% |        1955      3.05%     18.82% |        2040      3.18%     22.00% |        2070      3.23%     25.23% |        2064      3.22%     28.45% |        1954      3.05%     31.50% |        2076      3.24%     34.74% |        1993      3.11%     37.85% |        1997      3.12%     40.96% |        1953      3.05%     44.01% |        2030      3.17%     47.18% |        2048      3.19%     50.37% |        1975      3.08%     53.45% |        1902      2.97%     56.42% |        1926      3.00%     59.43% |        1877      2.93%     62.35% |        1905      2.97%     65.33% |        2054      3.20%     68.53% |        2014      3.14%     71.67% |        2045      3.19%     74.86% |        2035      3.17%     78.04% |        2038      3.18%     81.22% |        2038      3.18%     84.40% |        1935      3.02%     87.41% |        1969      3.07%     90.49% |        1970      3.07%     93.56% |        2018      3.15%     96.71% |        2111      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        64102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           3     25.00%     41.67% |           5     41.67%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     17.86%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           1      3.57%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      3.57%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2      7.14%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           4     14.29%     46.43% |           0      0.00%     46.43% |           2      7.14%     53.57% |           1      3.57%     57.14% |           1      3.57%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           1      3.57%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           2      7.14%     71.43% |           1      3.57%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2      7.14%     82.14% |           1      3.57%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1935      3.00%      3.00% |        1837      2.85%      5.86% |        1846      2.87%      8.72% |        1721      2.67%     11.39% |        1826      2.84%     14.23% |        1775      2.76%     16.99% |        1839      2.86%     19.84% |        1782      2.77%     22.61% |        1875      2.91%     25.52% |        1847      2.87%     28.39% |        1974      3.06%     31.45% |        1971      3.06%     34.51% |        2059      3.20%     37.71% |        2010      3.12%     40.83% |        2091      3.25%     44.08% |        2106      3.27%     47.35% |        2194      3.41%     50.75% |        2126      3.30%     54.05% |        2226      3.46%     57.51% |        2210      3.43%     60.94% |        2236      3.47%     64.41% |        2154      3.34%     67.76% |        2255      3.50%     71.26% |        2201      3.42%     74.68% |        2229      3.46%     78.14% |        2131      3.31%     81.44% |        2130      3.31%     84.75% |        2009      3.12%     87.87% |        2014      3.13%     91.00% |        1915      2.97%     93.97% |        2001      3.11%     97.08% |        1882      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        64407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2348      3.03%      3.03% |        2236      2.89%      5.92% |        2181      2.82%      8.73% |        2111      2.72%     11.46% |        2226      2.87%     14.33% |        2164      2.79%     17.12% |        2198      2.84%     19.96% |        2216      2.86%     22.82% |        2296      2.96%     25.78% |        2244      2.90%     28.68% |        2345      3.03%     31.71% |        2406      3.11%     34.81% |        2552      3.29%     38.11% |        2460      3.18%     41.28% |        2490      3.21%     44.50% |        2540      3.28%     47.78% |        2592      3.35%     51.12% |        2585      3.34%     54.46% |        2641      3.41%     57.87% |        2611      3.37%     61.24% |        2589      3.34%     64.58% |        2570      3.32%     67.90% |        2610      3.37%     71.27% |        2578      3.33%     74.59% |        2641      3.41%     78.00% |        2613      3.37%     81.38% |        2511      3.24%     84.62% |        2385      3.08%     87.69% |        2372      3.06%     90.76% |        2391      3.09%     93.84% |        2431      3.14%     96.98% |        2339      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        77472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         415      2.61%      2.61% |         401      2.53%      5.14% |         345      2.17%      7.31% |         282      1.78%      9.09% |         274      1.73%     10.81% |         294      1.85%     12.66% |         323      2.03%     14.70% |         359      2.26%     16.96% |         413      2.60%     19.56% |         467      2.94%     22.50% |         460      2.90%     25.40% |         484      3.05%     28.44% |         559      3.52%     31.96% |         544      3.43%     35.39% |         550      3.46%     38.85% |         620      3.90%     42.76% |         697      4.39%     47.15% |         687      4.33%     51.47% |         641      4.04%     55.51% |         653      4.11%     59.62% |         628      3.95%     63.58% |         646      4.07%     67.64% |         610      3.84%     71.49% |         692      4.36%     75.84% |         726      4.57%     80.42% |         639      4.02%     84.44% |         543      3.42%     87.86% |         471      2.97%     90.82% |         365      2.30%     93.12% |         337      2.12%     95.25% |         359      2.26%     97.51% |         396      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        15880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       52548      3.76%      3.76% |       43656      3.13%      6.89% |       43443      3.11%     10.00% |       43232      3.10%     13.10% |       43254      3.10%     16.19% |       43414      3.11%     19.30% |       43566      3.12%     22.42% |       43745      3.13%     25.56% |       43856      3.14%     28.70% |       43780      3.14%     31.83% |       43667      3.13%     34.96% |       43330      3.10%     38.06% |       43210      3.09%     41.16% |       43358      3.10%     44.26% |       43393      3.11%     47.37% |       43502      3.12%     50.48% |       43535      3.12%     53.60% |       43371      3.11%     56.71% |       43073      3.08%     59.79% |       42881      3.07%     62.86% |       42898      3.07%     65.93% |       43206      3.09%     69.03% |       43237      3.10%     72.12% |       43279      3.10%     75.22% |       43343      3.10%     78.33% |       43355      3.10%     81.43% |       43039      3.08%     84.51% |       42901      3.07%     87.59% |       43077      3.08%     90.67% |       43189      3.09%     93.76% |       43403      3.11%     96.87% |       43669      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1396410                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         922      2.91%      2.91% |         853      2.69%      5.60% |         796      2.51%      8.12% |         729      2.30%     10.42% |         748      2.36%     12.78% |         723      2.28%     15.06% |         789      2.49%     17.55% |         848      2.68%     20.23% |         935      2.95%     23.18% |         919      2.90%     26.08% |         941      2.97%     29.05% |         977      3.08%     32.13% |        1151      3.63%     35.77% |        1058      3.34%     39.11% |        1051      3.32%     42.42% |        1125      3.55%     45.97% |        1204      3.80%     49.77% |        1213      3.83%     53.60% |        1159      3.66%     57.26% |        1131      3.57%     60.83% |        1091      3.44%     64.28% |        1148      3.62%     67.90% |        1081      3.41%     71.31% |        1144      3.61%     74.92% |        1241      3.92%     78.84% |        1198      3.78%     82.62% |        1046      3.30%     85.92% |         928      2.93%     88.85% |         820      2.59%     91.44% |         889      2.81%     94.25% |         905      2.86%     97.10% |         918      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        31681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       37787      3.15%      3.15% |       37584      3.13%      6.27% |       37453      3.12%      9.39% |       37405      3.11%     12.51% |       37391      3.11%     15.62% |       37382      3.11%     18.73% |       37504      3.12%     21.85% |       37681      3.14%     24.99% |       37651      3.13%     28.12% |       37605      3.13%     31.25% |       37486      3.12%     34.38% |       37447      3.12%     37.49% |       37493      3.12%     40.61% |       37480      3.12%     43.73% |       37582      3.13%     46.86% |       37697      3.14%     50.00% |       37748      3.14%     53.14% |       37600      3.13%     56.27% |       37437      3.12%     59.39% |       37391      3.11%     62.50% |       37469      3.12%     65.62% |       37448      3.12%     68.74% |       37477      3.12%     71.86% |       37657      3.13%     74.99% |       37679      3.14%     78.13% |       37603      3.13%     81.26% |       37478      3.12%     84.38% |       37403      3.11%     87.49% |       37430      3.12%     90.61% |       37443      3.12%     93.73% |       37578      3.13%     96.86% |       37768      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1201237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          58      2.55%      2.55% |          34      1.49%      4.04% |          32      1.41%      5.45% |          38      1.67%      7.11% |          41      1.80%      8.92% |          55      2.42%     11.33% |          49      2.15%     13.48% |          56      2.46%     15.94% |          64      2.81%     18.75% |          53      2.33%     21.08% |          64      2.81%     23.89% |          82      3.60%     27.49% |          70      3.07%     30.57% |          91      4.00%     34.56% |          96      4.22%     38.78% |          70      3.07%     41.85% |          75      3.29%     45.15% |          73      3.21%     48.35% |          76      3.34%     51.69% |         103      4.52%     56.21% |         106      4.66%     60.87% |          86      3.78%     64.65% |         125      5.49%     70.14% |         104      4.57%     74.70% |          77      3.38%     78.09% |          84      3.69%     81.77% |          75      3.29%     85.07% |          88      3.86%     88.93% |          51      2.24%     91.17% |          56      2.46%     93.63% |          68      2.99%     96.62% |          77      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2277                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          79      2.77%      2.77% |          70      2.45%      5.22% |          90      3.16%      8.38% |          73      2.56%     10.94% |          61      2.14%     13.08% |          59      2.07%     15.15% |          92      3.23%     18.37% |          77      2.70%     21.07% |         109      3.82%     24.89% |         126      4.42%     29.31% |          53      1.86%     31.17% |          81      2.84%     34.01% |         101      3.54%     37.55% |          83      2.91%     40.46% |          99      3.47%     43.93% |         110      3.86%     47.79% |         102      3.58%     51.37% |          90      3.16%     54.52% |          67      2.35%     56.87% |          83      2.91%     59.78% |         101      3.54%     63.32% |         125      4.38%     67.71% |          83      2.91%     70.62% |         136      4.77%     75.39% |         113      3.96%     79.35% |          72      2.52%     81.87% |         108      3.79%     85.66% |          85      2.98%     88.64% |          74      2.59%     91.23% |          79      2.77%     94.00% |          76      2.66%     96.67% |          95      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2852                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           3     18.75%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      218772      5.22%      5.22% |      128540      3.07%      8.28% |      127492      3.04%     11.33% |      129703      3.09%     14.42% |      127717      3.05%     17.47% |      127028      3.03%     20.49% |      127059      3.03%     23.53% |      126513      3.02%     26.54% |      126725      3.02%     29.57% |      127184      3.03%     32.60% |      128991      3.08%     35.68% |      127765      3.05%     38.72% |      126443      3.02%     41.74% |      127036      3.03%     44.77% |      125517      2.99%     47.76% |      125487      2.99%     50.76% |      126266      3.01%     53.77% |      126189      3.01%     56.78% |      126461      3.02%     59.79% |      126554      3.02%     62.81% |      126784      3.02%     65.84% |      141489      3.37%     69.21% |      135059      3.22%     72.43% |      125783      3.00%     75.43% |      126226      3.01%     78.44% |      126584      3.02%     81.46% |      126561      3.02%     84.48% |      126467      3.02%     87.50% |      128017      3.05%     90.55% |      127213      3.03%     93.59% |      130815      3.12%     96.71% |      138080      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4192520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     20.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          18      1.89%      1.89% |          20      2.10%      3.98% |          17      1.78%      5.77% |          23      2.41%      8.18% |          17      1.78%      9.96% |          23      2.41%     12.37% |          19      1.99%     14.36% |          22      2.31%     16.67% |          20      2.10%     18.76% |          22      2.31%     21.07% |          32      3.35%     24.42% |          37      3.88%     28.30% |          39      4.09%     32.39% |          49      5.14%     37.53% |          41      4.30%     41.82% |          26      2.73%     44.55% |          35      3.67%     48.22% |          27      2.83%     51.05% |          38      3.98%     55.03% |          51      5.35%     60.38% |          45      4.72%     65.09% |          41      4.30%     69.39% |          44      4.61%     74.00% |          34      3.56%     77.57% |          44      4.61%     82.18% |          27      2.83%     85.01% |          34      3.56%     88.57% |          34      3.56%     92.14% |          21      2.20%     94.34% |          16      1.68%     96.02% |          20      2.10%     98.11% |          18      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          954                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1397      3.20%      3.20% |        1348      3.09%      6.29% |        1272      2.92%      9.21% |        1266      2.90%     12.11% |        1388      3.18%     15.29% |        1381      3.17%     18.46% |        1329      3.05%     21.50% |        1316      3.02%     24.52% |        1218      2.79%     27.31% |        1216      2.79%     30.10% |        1308      3.00%     33.09% |        1372      3.14%     36.24% |        1394      3.20%     39.43% |        1365      3.13%     42.56% |        1357      3.11%     45.67% |        1363      3.12%     48.80% |        1345      3.08%     51.88% |        1353      3.10%     54.98% |        1466      3.36%     58.34% |        1479      3.39%     61.73% |        1424      3.26%     65.00% |        1327      3.04%     68.04% |        1456      3.34%     71.37% |        1369      3.14%     74.51% |        1327      3.04%     77.55% |        1359      3.11%     80.67% |        1403      3.22%     83.88% |        1402      3.21%     87.10% |        1460      3.35%     90.44% |        1393      3.19%     93.64% |        1417      3.25%     96.89% |        1359      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        43629                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          30      0.96%      0.96% |          36      1.15%      2.11% |         117      3.73%      5.84% |         117      3.73%      9.57% |          90      2.87%     12.44% |          62      1.98%     14.42% |          89      2.84%     17.26% |          68      2.17%     19.43% |         175      5.58%     25.02% |         151      4.82%     29.83% |         134      4.28%     34.11% |         102      3.25%     37.36% |          62      1.98%     39.34% |          76      2.43%     41.77% |         126      4.02%     45.79% |          92      2.94%     48.72% |          95      3.03%     51.75% |          81      2.58%     54.34% |          90      2.87%     57.21% |          79      2.52%     59.73% |         143      4.56%     64.29% |         138      4.40%     68.70% |         111      3.54%     72.24% |          93      2.97%     75.21% |          99      3.16%     78.37% |          86      2.74%     81.11% |          99      3.16%     84.27% |          84      2.68%     86.95% |         109      3.48%     90.43% |         117      3.73%     94.16% |         117      3.73%     97.89% |          66      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          30      0.96%      0.96% |          36      1.15%      2.11% |         117      3.73%      5.84% |         117      3.73%      9.57% |          90      2.87%     12.44% |          62      1.98%     14.42% |          89      2.84%     17.26% |          68      2.17%     19.43% |         175      5.58%     25.02% |         151      4.82%     29.83% |         134      4.28%     34.11% |         102      3.25%     37.36% |          62      1.98%     39.34% |          76      2.43%     41.77% |         126      4.02%     45.79% |          92      2.94%     48.72% |          95      3.03%     51.75% |          81      2.58%     54.34% |          90      2.87%     57.21% |          79      2.52%     59.73% |         143      4.56%     64.29% |         138      4.40%     68.70% |         111      3.54%     72.24% |          93      2.97%     75.21% |          99      3.16%     78.37% |          86      2.74%     81.11% |          99      3.16%     84.27% |          84      2.68%     86.95% |         109      3.48%     90.43% |         117      3.73%     94.16% |         117      3.73%     97.89% |          66      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.56%      2.56% |           3      7.69%     10.26% |           2      5.13%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           2      5.13%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           1      2.56%     23.08% |           1      2.56%     25.64% |           1      2.56%     28.21% |           0      0.00%     28.21% |           0      0.00%     28.21% |           0      0.00%     28.21% |           1      2.56%     30.77% |           3      7.69%     38.46% |           3      7.69%     46.15% |           4     10.26%     56.41% |           0      0.00%     56.41% |           0      0.00%     56.41% |           0      0.00%     56.41% |           1      2.56%     58.97% |           1      2.56%     61.54% |           1      2.56%     64.10% |           4     10.26%     74.36% |           1      2.56%     76.92% |           1      2.56%     79.49% |           3      7.69%     87.18% |           1      2.56%     89.74% |           0      0.00%     89.74% |           4     10.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1397      3.20%      3.20% |        1348      3.09%      6.29% |        1272      2.92%      9.21% |        1266      2.90%     12.11% |        1388      3.18%     15.29% |        1381      3.16%     18.45% |        1329      3.05%     21.50% |        1316      3.02%     24.52% |        1218      2.79%     27.31% |        1216      2.79%     30.09% |        1308      3.00%     33.09% |        1372      3.14%     36.24% |        1394      3.19%     39.43% |        1365      3.13%     42.56% |        1357      3.11%     45.67% |        1363      3.12%     48.79% |        1345      3.08%     51.87% |        1353      3.10%     54.98% |        1466      3.36%     58.34% |        1479      3.39%     61.72% |        1424      3.26%     64.99% |        1329      3.05%     68.03% |        1456      3.34%     71.37% |        1369      3.14%     74.51% |        1327      3.04%     77.55% |        1359      3.11%     80.66% |        1404      3.22%     83.88% |        1402      3.21%     87.09% |        1460      3.35%     90.44% |        1393      3.19%     93.63% |        1417      3.25%     96.88% |        1361      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        43634                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      459480     19.48%     19.48% |     1179064     50.00%     69.48% |       87626      3.72%     73.20% |       94854      4.02%     77.22% |       89726      3.80%     81.03% |       92817      3.94%     84.96% |       90212      3.83%     88.79% |       97283      4.13%     92.92% |       83003      3.52%     96.44% |       84063      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2358128                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      459480     19.48%     19.48% |     1179064     50.00%     69.48% |       87626      3.72%     73.20% |       94854      4.02%     77.22% |       89726      3.80%     81.03% |       92817      3.94%     84.96% |       90212      3.83%     88.79% |       97283      4.13%     92.92% |       83003      3.52%     96.44% |       84063      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2358128                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      459480     19.48%     19.48% |     1179064     50.00%     69.48% |       87626      3.72%     73.20% |       94854      4.02%     77.22% |       89726      3.80%     81.03% |       92817      3.94%     84.96% |       90212      3.83%     88.79% |       97283      4.13%     92.92% |       83003      3.52%     96.44% |       84063      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2358128                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      459480     19.48%     19.48% |     1179064     50.00%     69.48% |       87626      3.72%     73.20% |       94854      4.02%     77.22% |       89726      3.80%     81.03% |       92817      3.94%     84.96% |       90212      3.83%     88.79% |       97283      4.13%     92.92% |       83003      3.52%     96.44% |       84063      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2358128                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
