
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038016                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38016179000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214184257500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33193                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59705                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51982768                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4766180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   731.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24274671                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43663707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130694671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130694671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104290755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104290755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234985426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           234985426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77633                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61949                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77633                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61949                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      142                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38015688500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77633                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61949                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  59973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.659478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.779810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.902604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27331     51.62%     51.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12967     24.49%     76.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7672     14.49%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1940      3.66%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1159      2.19%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          596      1.13%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          401      0.76%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          322      0.61%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          563      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.730119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.600329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11525     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.372214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.295006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.132982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11043     95.77%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           406      3.52%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           58      0.50%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1862402586                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3317627586                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23996.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42746.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53389                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33211                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272353.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8541202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28202224250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              199863720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              200408040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              109052625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              109349625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305058000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300198600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199486800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201864960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15288467040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14829693705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9396703500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9799136250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          27981421605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27923441100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.106556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.581264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4881664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4881664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128410170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128410170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102204906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102204906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230615076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230615076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76276                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60710                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76276                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60710                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4880832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3885376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4881664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3885440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      173                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38015451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76276                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60710                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.165544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.585583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.075544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25918     50.91%     50.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12429     24.41%     75.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7616     14.96%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1917      3.77%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1085      2.13%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          600      1.18%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          419      0.82%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          315      0.62%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          612      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.729615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.905900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11327     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.357307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.279187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.154864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10863     95.86%     95.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           375      3.31%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           67      0.59%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           27      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1783423330                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3213354580                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23385.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42135.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52649                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33401                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277513.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8903870250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27839926750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              193800600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              191018520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105744375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104226375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300643200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294060000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195955200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197341920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15153894315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14423424210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9514749750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10155513000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27947577360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27848373945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.216216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.606475                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128384917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128384917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102196489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102196489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230581406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230581406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60705                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60705                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      118                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38015939000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60705                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.940748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.499145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.530296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25935     50.88%     50.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12517     24.56%     75.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7532     14.78%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1926      3.78%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1109      2.18%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          606      1.19%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          456      0.89%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          292      0.57%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          596      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.730667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.980688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11323     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.358845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.282651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.128548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10857     95.84%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           387      3.42%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           63      0.56%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           21      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1803659664                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3233272164                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23655.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42405.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52644                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33329                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277557.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8886514250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27857066750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              193702320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191593080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105690750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104539875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300463800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294145800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195890400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197413200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15024841470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14561650350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9627954000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10034262000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27931332660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27866394225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.788867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.080534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4857472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4857472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3878848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3878848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127773809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127773809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    102031506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           102031506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229805315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229805315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75899                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60607                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75899                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60607                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4856960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3878784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4857536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3878848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        4                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      109                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38015430000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75899                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60607                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   9942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.916304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.001425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.560238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25630     50.74%     50.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12339     24.43%     75.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7518     14.88%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1959      3.88%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1139      2.25%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          572      1.13%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          450      0.89%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          312      0.62%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          597      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.689792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.927813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11338     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.342560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.270364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.103672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10903     96.11%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           356      3.14%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           59      0.52%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           26      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1773778608                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3196716108                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23373.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42123.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      102.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   102.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52497                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33477                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278489.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   62.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8885671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27857921000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              191101680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190769040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              104271750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              104090250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298467000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293381400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195423840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197270640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        14997489165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14534278380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9651947250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10058272500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27921490605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27860852130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.529953                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.934738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7060635                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.307858                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.833119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                21.054940                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7014689     99.35%     99.35% |       39494      0.56%     99.91% |        3453      0.05%     99.96% |        1364      0.02%     99.98% |         748      0.01%     99.99% |         473      0.01%     99.99% |         390      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7060635                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16448465                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.949801                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.711725                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.173880                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15041279     91.44%     91.44% |     1337657      8.13%     99.58% |       51294      0.31%     99.89% |       10527      0.06%     99.95% |        4187      0.03%     99.98% |        1869      0.01%     99.99% |        1115      0.01%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |         310      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16448465                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16448462                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.430933                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.088030                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.421227                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16358461     99.45%     99.45% |       72362      0.44%     99.89% |       12927      0.08%     99.97% |        3570      0.02%     99.99% |         790      0.00%    100.00% |         308      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16448462                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15005603                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001538                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001326                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.039368                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14982628     99.85%     99.85% |       22871      0.15%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15005603                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1442859                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        121.895692                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.669554                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        97.974395                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1352858     93.76%     93.76% |       72362      5.02%     98.78% |       12927      0.90%     99.67% |        3570      0.25%     99.92% |         790      0.05%     99.98% |         308      0.02%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1442859                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         549789                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       549789                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8533350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289047                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8822397                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5731160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5854264                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       590725                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15937                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       248707                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318868                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39910                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        96174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       228118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17482                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233220                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        16764                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       132177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       230949                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17798                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       104713                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       203042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         3748                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        91724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       227535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17567                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        88562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140856                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       229418                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16341                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        80845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       120459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       201304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16082                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       128567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       218180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17191                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46270                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25442                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25385                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25770                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        44237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18667                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25463                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25393                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17803                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25326                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        43129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19248                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25805                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        45053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        44011                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18052                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25325                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17885                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43378                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25369                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        43323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25385                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        43072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        19002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25321                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44122                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19267                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44562                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18901                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25442                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        44343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25348                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25340                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47419                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25777                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        44148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25358                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25365                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42999                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25390                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42615                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19732                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25435                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3033                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8241062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8241062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8445044                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8241062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4261035                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4251346                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8241062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.108389                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5660093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5660093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5859368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5660093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3643609                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3624961                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5660093                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.074443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4333130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4333130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4533526                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4333130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2005474                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1999902                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4333130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.056991                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3878474                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3878474                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4003612                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3878474                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1907158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1903490                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3878474                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.051011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4485255                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4485255                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4758253                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4485255                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2314685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2305287                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4485255                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.058991                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3521184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3521184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3611668                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3521184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1800275                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1797876                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3521184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.046312                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4590416                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4590416                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4742576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4590416                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2020694                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2016764                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4590416                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.060375                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3753427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3753427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3873301                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3753427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1827655                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1824539                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3753427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.049366                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2785133                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2785133                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2857892                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2785133                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1341092                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1339037                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2785133                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.036631                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3460584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3460584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3584705                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3460584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1744197                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1740232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3460584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.045515                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1684477                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1684477                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1709425                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1684477                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       807252                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       806385                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1684477                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.022155                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1200883                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1200883                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1204373                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1200883                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       574933                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       574615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1200883                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015794                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1527591                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1527591                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1534080                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1527591                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       797630                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       797223                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1527591                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020091                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1218381                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1218381                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1222800                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1218381                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       588571                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       588241                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1218381                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.016025                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       738939                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       738939                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       742456                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       738939                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       356221                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       356047                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       738939                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009719                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1020145                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1020145                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1025305                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1020145                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474090                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       473973                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1020145                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013417                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1415541                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1415541                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1422733                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1415541                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       612944                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       612741                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1415541                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018618                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1131799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1131799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1138064                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1131799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       521931                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       521723                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1131799                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014886                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1010903                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1010903                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1018140                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1010903                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       457636                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       457391                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1010903                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013296                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       628395                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       628395                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       631028                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       628395                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       292988                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       292699                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       628395                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008265                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       670312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       670312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       671573                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       670312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       358882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       358680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       670312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       863517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       863517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       867254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       863517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       467658                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       467373                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       863517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011357                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       726086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       726086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       728066                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       726086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       376520                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       376274                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       726086                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009550                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       202666                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       202492                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       417864                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       624338                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       624338                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       625558                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       624338                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       310502                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       310310                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       624338                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008211                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       833498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       833498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       836989                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       833498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       447905                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       447606                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       833498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010962                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       717190                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       717190                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       719210                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       717190                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       366573                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       366334                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       717190                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009433                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       430979                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       430979                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       430979                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       430979                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       207355                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       207171                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       430979                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005668                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3132826                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3132826                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3180013                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3132826                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1410311                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1409518                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3132826                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.041204                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2425899                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2425899                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2450734                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2425899                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1081320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1080795                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2425899                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031906                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2665432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2665432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2699585                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2665432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1181962                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1181284                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2665432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.035057                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2441624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2441624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2471731                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2441624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1102528                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1101868                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2441624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032113                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5270746     28.16%     28.16% |    11373602     60.77%     88.94% |     2070077     11.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18714425                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5270746     28.16%     28.16% |    11373602     60.77%     88.94% |     2070077     11.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18714425                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   141686709                       |   290006735                       |    50280043                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    20260543                       |    51588429                       |     2135181                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.881718                       |   25.498231                       |   24.288972                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.843961                       |    4.535804                       |    1.031450                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.754117                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.953322                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.707439                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003884                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080298      6.71%      6.71% |    0.080331      6.72%     13.43% |    0.080153      6.70%     20.13% |    0.080200      6.70%     26.83% |    0.182597     15.26%     42.10% |    0.182651     15.27%     57.37% |    0.182472     15.25%     72.62% |    0.182617     15.27%     87.89% |    0.036216      3.03%     90.92% |    0.036225      3.03%     93.94% |    0.036219      3.03%     96.97% |    0.036220      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.196199                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029689                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022022                       |    0.000001                       |    0.011640                       |    0.011983                       |    0.011679                       |    0.008689                       |    0.011980                       |    0.012098                       |    0.010480                       |    0.011246                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005046                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002603                       |    0.002673                       |    0.002624                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002566                       |    0.002540                       |    0.002589                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002786                       |    0.002789                       |    0.002640                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002557                       |    0.002578                       |    0.002691                       |    0.002641                       |    0.002637                       |    0.002608                       |    0.002579                       |    0.002804                       |    0.002592                       |    0.002548                       |    0.002618                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002578                       |    0.002655                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002671                       |    0.002754                       |    0.002902                       |    0.006106                       |    0.005994                       |    0.005993                       |    0.005965                       |    0.000323                       |           0                       |    0.004071                       |    0.011349                       |    0.000912                       |    0.000982                       |    0.000912                       |    0.000960                       |    0.000913                       |    0.000989                       |    0.000769                       |    0.000842                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003001                       |    0.000327                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002901                       |    0.002587                       |    0.008866                       |    0.002999                       |    0.000769                       |    0.004108                       |    0.014042                       |    0.005847                       |           0                       |    0.003014                       |    0.004963                       |           0                       |    0.011034                       |    0.015708                       |    0.006485                       |    0.009522                       |    0.002991                       |    0.000912                       |    0.014285                       |    0.015341                       |    0.013940                       |    0.009744                       |    0.003035                       |    0.000982                       |    0.015950                       |    0.012005                       |    0.009295                       |           0                       |    0.002985                       |    0.004862                       |           0                       |    0.009571                       |    0.007887                       |    0.006601                       |           0                       |    0.003111                       |           0                       |    0.005407                       |    0.003934                       |    0.003342                       |           0                       |    0.003018                       |           0                       |    0.002618                       |    0.002576                       |           0                       |    0.003143                       |           0                       |    0.001807                       |    0.002804                       |    0.003604                       |    0.009390                       |    0.003018                       |    0.000842                       |    0.008857                       |    0.004943                       |    0.014774                       |    0.003691                       |    0.009516                       |    0.003018                       |    0.000912                       |    0.004151                       |    0.014103                       |    0.022910                       |    0.004382                       |    0.031062                       |    0.004555                       |    0.004071                       |    0.010179                       |    0.017226                       |    0.029588                       |    0.011710                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003059                       |    0.011349                       |    0.010462                       |    0.020589                       |    0.017061                       |    0.011920                       |    0.007642                       |    0.002974                       |    0.000960                       |    0.005829                       |    0.013927                       |    0.009871                       |    0.005109                       |           0                       |    0.003023                       |           0                       |    0.002500                       |    0.005278                       |    0.004886                       |    0.004404                       |           0                       |    0.003007                       |           0                       |    0.001659                       |    0.002638                       |    0.003657                       |           0                       |    0.002986                       |           0                       |    0.001024                       |    0.002592                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.003087                       |           0                       |    0.007948                       |    0.003353                       |    0.004825                       |    0.002941                       |           0                       |    0.003074                       |    0.004861                       |           0                       |    0.005292                       |    0.010859                       |    0.008016                       |    0.002955                       |    0.009762                       |    0.002944                       |    0.000913                       |    0.019810                       |    0.014120                       |    0.009753                       |    0.003072                       |    0.010013                       |    0.002953                       |    0.000989                       |    0.007563                       |    0.015875                       |    0.008981                       |    0.002992                       |           0                       |    0.003157                       |    0.004846                       |           0                       |    0.005103                       |    0.009603                       |    0.006391                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |    0.002997                       |           0                       |    0.001600                       |    0.005229                       |    0.003197                       |    0.003001                       |           0                       |    0.002979                       |           0                       |    0.000862                       |    0.002578                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002548                       |           0                       |    0.002941                       |           0                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |    0.004551                       |           0                       |    0.002955                       |           0                       |    0.002983                       |    0.001672                       |    0.005807                       |           0                       |    0.003072                       |           0                       |    0.009315                       |    0.003333                       |    0.002897                       |           0                       |    0.002992                       |           0                       |    0.002465                       |    0.007047                       |    0.002382                       |           0                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |    0.003927                       |    0.006356                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003001                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005264                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003013                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002655                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.196199                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5454140                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5454140                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265628                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3960184                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3371424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.133014                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          445169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29830                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9673316                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45190                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5365571                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20684                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9718506                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5386255                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15038887                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65874                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15104761                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5861068                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9484                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5870552                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5861068                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9484                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5870552                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72259136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20503216                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30094017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5454140                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3816593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47003950                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211121                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       308950                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5860432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143538                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3823                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68621611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58492437     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1044851      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           598971      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1004804      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1435892      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           595104      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           684328      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993730      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3771494      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68621611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075480                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416474                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15637036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44360616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1836018                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52787909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16323157                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27448174                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4834567                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7451265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12265880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51861080                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4384384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59699561                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121340960                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75632272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49896322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133708                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135667                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11222848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5264121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5553255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1283984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1145451                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50626085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       350325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53231731                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095703                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11435906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48927                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68621611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46573395     67.87%     67.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8547621     12.46%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5220267      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3008244      4.38%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2934543      4.28%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1181894      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692198      1.01%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289578      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173871      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68621611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95292     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601876     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66315      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165393      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37779224     70.97%     71.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9799221     18.41%     89.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5412884     10.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53231731                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736678                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763483                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014343                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    175991575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58078651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47676231                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53829789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1241390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110458                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2631                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6978                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5699318                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4772181                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17965076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50976410                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5264121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5553255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       341204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          89893                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6978                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124437                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314598                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52841556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9664403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15033986                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4386354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5369583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731279                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47738727                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47676251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30797480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49306101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.659795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624618                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       301398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67470219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51258571     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8045664     11.92%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1859897      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2150535      3.19%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       746430      1.11%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1048503      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694009      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278528      0.41%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1388082      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67470219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24274670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43663704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9310835                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4153659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4049621                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43367945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       370422                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34198569     78.32%     78.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4153659      9.51%     88.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5157176     11.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43663704                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1388082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            116972930                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103053590                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84175                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3637525                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24274670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43663704                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.976730                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.976730                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.335939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.335939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78130723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37674487                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20770583                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16416542                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24189917                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4879421000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4879420999.999994                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3148558                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.842820                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.040885                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       27.151342                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3111691     98.83%     98.83% |       32185      1.02%     99.85% |        1918      0.06%     99.91% |        1190      0.04%     99.95% |         724      0.02%     99.97% |         460      0.01%     99.99% |         377      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3148558                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3069918                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.634012                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.085021                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       15.305639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3060839     99.70%     99.70% |        7309      0.24%     99.94% |        1535      0.05%     99.99% |         174      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3069918                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        842159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.025502                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.201988                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.239855                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16547      1.96%      1.96% |      101531     12.06%     14.02% |      305108     36.23%     50.25% |      184342     21.89%     72.14% |      180613     21.45%     93.59% |       44457      5.28%     98.86% |        8960      1.06%     99.93% |         555      0.07%     99.99% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          842159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4512650                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.714006                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.770356                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          60.565585                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4459007     98.81%     98.81% |       41868      0.93%     99.74% |        8430      0.19%     99.93% |        2542      0.06%     99.98% |         531      0.01%     99.99% |         234      0.01%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4512650                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3922783                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000730                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000629                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.027114                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3919932     99.93%     99.93% |        2841      0.07%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3922783                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       589867                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     130.862042                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.113826                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    117.691013                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      536224     90.91%     90.91% |       41868      7.10%     98.00% |        8430      1.43%     99.43% |        2542      0.43%     99.86% |         531      0.09%     99.95% |         234      0.04%     99.99% |          36      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        589867                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5953464                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.363665                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.624260                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.388349                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5919445     99.43%     99.43% |       28378      0.48%     99.91% |        4297      0.07%     99.98% |        1005      0.02%     99.99% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5953464                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5231435                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003844                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003316                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.062168                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5211421     99.62%     99.62% |       19920      0.38%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5231435                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       722029                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     121.407227                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    105.472963                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.588660                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      688010     95.29%     95.29% |       28378      3.93%     99.22% |        4297      0.60%     99.81% |        1005      0.14%     99.95% |         259      0.04%     99.99% |          74      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        722029                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5854262                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.696320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209577                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.991720                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5841597     99.78%     99.78% |       10607      0.18%     99.96% |        1815      0.03%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5854262                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5731160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5731158    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5731160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.670493                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.435131                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.213727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110437     89.71%     89.71% |       10607      8.62%     98.33% |        1815      1.47%     99.80% |          45      0.04%     99.84% |          86      0.07%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123102                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.533144                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.687717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125496     98.99%     98.99% |        1004      0.79%     99.78% |         250      0.20%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118839     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.542193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.397753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.900605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6549     83.61%     83.61% |        1004     12.82%     96.43% |         250      3.19%     99.62% |           6      0.08%     99.69% |          12      0.15%     99.85% |          10      0.13%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11099                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       285831                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       298405                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   182354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   186812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17887                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   185154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    17847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  157571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   18177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  181437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  181810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   17225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   23000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  157647                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   16957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  173238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    473                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   575                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2801                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      715                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    66961                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    67041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    68200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   51023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   66779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   65283                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   59009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   64662                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               185235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               189575                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               188066                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              160159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              184261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              184611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              160605                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              176189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  536461                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  413204                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 2257054                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  501316                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  369601                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 2123560                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  548665                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  417865                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 2286174                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  493861                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 372645                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                2303256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 552430                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 413285                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                2225016                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295467838                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295362478                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4297053900                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295583917                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295438281                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4297285330                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295542916                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295426375                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4297272442                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   12024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   92631                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12520                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20487                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   94803                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   12024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   94046                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20486                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  80095                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12284                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  92145                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12272                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21765                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  92319                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11604                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19205                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  80317                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11440                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  88105                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  92604                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  94772                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  94020                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 80064                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 92116                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 92292                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  6116                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 80288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6028                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 88084                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                89750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                92040                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11856                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                91134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                11835                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               77507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               89321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               89518                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11447                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19115                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               77359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               85154                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                188                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2881                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2763                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                168                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2824                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                90                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2958                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2951                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                6015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               92604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6280                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               94772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               94020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              80064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6111                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              92116                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6159                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              92292                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5778                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              80288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              88084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               321                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               320                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               305                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              309                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              338                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              305                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      291                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      150                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      304                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      299                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     272                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     296                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     265                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     137                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     285                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2160482                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2604242                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4711498                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2168647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2571599                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4719506                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2155710                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2619009                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4720018                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2159599                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2564954                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4743992                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2158704                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2576059                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4717532                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2156499                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2701930                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4722426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2167633                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2613886                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4729972                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2169386                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2718918                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4721358                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2328                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2400                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2392                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2368                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2280                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1456985                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2410435                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4306641                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1522238                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2381166                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4322234                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1476624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2425701                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4337122                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1565061                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2376962                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4394297                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1501252                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2387098                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4331227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1502227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2500056                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4339500                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1315822                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2415268                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4367805                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1476364                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2514687                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4336003                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             128161                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             193224                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             132084                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             201856                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             128071                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             198538                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             127214                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            180608                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            130012                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            193888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            130353                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            196551                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            126006                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            175960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            121329                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            189240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2300161                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1438043                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3122403                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2211930                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1406168                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3050426                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2259867                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1442036                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3118454                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2149746                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1407808                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3141032                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2241236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1432820                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3102831                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2218351                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1483134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3013138                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2511950                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1470789                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3156804                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2268222                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1500082                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3164935                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1456985                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2410435                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4306641                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1522238                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2381166                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4322234                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1476624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2425701                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4337122                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1565061                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2376962                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4394297                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1501252                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2387098                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4331227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1502227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2500056                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4339500                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1315822                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2415268                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4367805                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1476364                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2514687                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4336003                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        115553                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        193139                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        121127                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        201789                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        115438                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        198441                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        116274                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       180540                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       118554                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       193777                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       118104                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       196471                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       109684                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       175855                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       110120                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       189142                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1698663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1438043                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3077619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1677460                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1406168                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3017014                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1691125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1442036                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3088503                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1652023                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1407808                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3108283                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1684091                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1432820                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3073288                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1666255                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1483134                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2992340                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1743713                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1470789                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3129886                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1686172                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1500082                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3118843                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2148354                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2587346                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4689430                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2156057                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2554703                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4695726                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2143300                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2602113                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4696795                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2147263                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2548058                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4722112                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2146138                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2559163                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4694630                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2143821                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2683978                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4698714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2155976                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2598046                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4709088                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2158434                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2702022                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4699752                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3822                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              9754                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9209                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             55517                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              3057                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             28144                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              3850                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            32180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             3076                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            18375                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1237                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            10311                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9652                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles            17788                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             9877                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1254                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73305952                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68547139                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368582                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73305948                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68548462                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73305954                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68547781                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73305950                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68547731                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368486                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73305959                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68547332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73305955                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68547167                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368750                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73305971                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68547505                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368634                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73305967                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68546888                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2115628                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2604622                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4016504                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2121987                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2571803                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4020978                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2112455                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2619143                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4019269                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2115709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2565177                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4059416                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2118544                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2576415                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4028366                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2118058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2702177                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4032277                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2125146                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2614453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4044709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2127346                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2718890                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4029635                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               869                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5462                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             27666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5744                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             29625                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             27853                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5623                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            30769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            27294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            28935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            23374                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            25517                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             18608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             20597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6538                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5894                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            18158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             6020                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            18813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            21012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4317                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5073                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            14880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             390                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             984                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            8185                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles              57                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             280                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            4268                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             202                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             999                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            9519                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles              96                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            518                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           4418                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            312                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1011                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           3305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles            125                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            762                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           3387                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            534                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1266                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          10226                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            547                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1247                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles          16501                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77607     25.36%     25.36% |       76276     24.92%     50.28% |       76261     24.92%     75.20% |       75899     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306043                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56039     25.44%     25.44% |       54793     24.87%     50.31% |       54785     24.87%     75.18% |       54684     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220301                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77633     25.36%     25.36% |       76276     24.92%     50.29% |       76261     24.92%     75.20% |       75898     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61949     25.39%     25.39% |       60710     24.88%     50.28% |       60705     24.88%     75.16% |       60606     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243970                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13376     25.25%     25.25% |       13291     25.09%     50.34% |       13284     25.08%     75.42% |       13023     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52974                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77607     25.36%     25.36% |       76276     24.92%     50.28% |       76261     24.92%     75.20% |       75899     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306043                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55782     25.42%     25.42% |       54598     24.88%     50.29% |       54593     24.88%     75.17% |       54495     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219468                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13376     25.25%     25.25% |       13291     25.09%     50.34% |       13284     25.08%     75.42% |       13023     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52974                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77607     25.36%     25.36% |       76276     24.92%     50.28% |       76261     24.92%     75.20% |       75898     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55782     25.42%     25.42% |       54598     24.88%     50.29% |       54593     24.88%     75.17% |       54494     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219467                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3540331     78.43%     78.43% |          38      0.00%     78.43% |      125050      2.77%     81.20% |      127716      2.83%     84.03% |      126466      2.80%     86.83% |      112511      2.49%     89.32% |      124821      2.77%     92.09% |      126266      2.80%     94.88% |      111034      2.46%     97.34% |      119946      2.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4514179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5854320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5854320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5283724     86.88%     86.88% |           0      0.00%     86.88% |      103068      1.69%     88.57% |      105504      1.73%     90.31% |      104483      1.72%     92.03% |       90531      1.49%     93.52% |      102714      1.69%     95.20% |      103152      1.70%     96.90% |       90270      1.48%     98.38% |       98234      1.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6081680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13424      4.03%      4.03% |          38      0.01%      4.04% |       40413     12.13%     16.17% |       40272     12.09%     28.26% |       39746     11.93%     40.19% |       33940     10.19%     50.38% |       41208     12.37%     62.74% |       39802     11.95%     74.69% |       42111     12.64%     87.33% |       42207     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       333161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410340     55.93%     55.93% |           0      0.00%     55.93% |       40571      5.53%     61.46% |       42011      5.73%     67.19% |       40687      5.55%     72.73% |       39281      5.35%     78.09% |       41275      5.63%     83.71% |       42399      5.78%     89.49% |       37274      5.08%     94.57% |       39821      5.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       733659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36302     13.30%     13.30% |       38079     13.95%     27.24% |       36543     13.38%     40.63% |       21100      7.73%     48.36% |       37212     13.63%     61.99% |       40413     14.80%     76.79% |       29765     10.90%     87.69% |       33613     12.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       273027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31327     13.28%     13.29% |       32301     13.69%     26.98% |       31376     13.30%     40.27% |       20466      8.67%     48.95% |       32535     13.79%     62.73% |       30872     13.08%     75.82% |       27209     11.53%     87.35% |       29855     12.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       235971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3800     13.09%     13.09% |        3504     12.07%     25.16% |        4023     13.86%     39.01% |        2604      8.97%     47.98% |        4096     14.11%     62.09% |        4072     14.02%     76.11% |        2945     10.14%     86.25% |        3991     13.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        29035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141764     54.10%     54.10% |          11      0.00%     54.10% |       15676      5.98%     60.08% |       16226      6.19%     66.27% |       15908      6.07%     72.34% |       12353      4.71%     77.06% |       15716      6.00%     83.06% |       16055      6.13%     89.18% |       13494      5.15%     94.33% |       14854      5.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       262057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       28989     12.28%     12.30% |       30245     12.82%     25.11% |       29132     12.35%     37.46% |       26321     11.15%     48.61% |       30781     13.04%     61.66% |       32854     13.92%     75.58% |       28824     12.22%     87.80% |       28798     12.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       235971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270365     37.99%     37.99% |           0      0.00%     37.99% |       56694      7.97%     45.96% |       57159      8.03%     53.99% |       55627      7.82%     61.80% |       46135      6.48%     68.29% |       56796      7.98%     76.27% |       56985      8.01%     84.27% |       54738      7.69%     91.96% |       57188      8.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       711687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36520     13.24%     13.24% |       39126     14.18%     27.42% |       37717     13.67%     41.08% |       21782      7.89%     48.98% |       38695     14.02%     63.00% |       41683     15.11%     78.11% |       27739     10.05%     88.16% |       32666     11.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       275928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       30585     13.12%     13.13% |       32516     13.95%     27.07% |       31510     13.52%     40.59% |       19904      8.54%     49.13% |       32518     13.95%     63.07% |       34962     15.00%     78.07% |       23403     10.04%     88.11% |       27727     11.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       233144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287581     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23011      4.82%     65.01% |       22879      4.79%     69.80% |       23190      4.85%     74.65% |       26783      5.61%     80.26% |       23089      4.83%     85.09% |       23716      4.96%     90.05% |       23838      4.99%     95.04% |       23691      4.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141777     36.01%     36.01% |          38      0.01%     36.02% |       31643      8.04%     44.06% |       32861      8.35%     52.40% |       31759      8.07%     60.47% |       30353      7.71%     68.18% |       32236      8.19%     76.37% |       33104      8.41%     84.78% |       28789      7.31%     92.09% |       31152      7.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       393712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122587    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146861     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9440      4.25%     70.29% |        9662      4.34%     74.63% |        9440      4.25%     78.88% |        9440      4.25%     83.12% |        9551      4.29%     87.42% |        9807      4.41%     91.83% |        8997      4.05%     95.87% |        9181      4.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11167     42.89%     42.89% |           0      0.00%     42.89% |        1868      7.17%     50.07% |        1871      7.19%     57.25% |        1863      7.16%     64.41% |        1833      7.04%     71.45% |        1873      7.19%     78.64% |        1870      7.18%     85.82% |        1802      6.92%     92.74% |        1889      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        26036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         357      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |       24829     12.66%     12.84% |       25742     13.12%     25.96% |       24698     12.59%     38.55% |       17852      9.10%     47.65% |       25943     13.23%     60.88% |       28296     14.43%     75.31% |       23841     12.15%     87.46% |       24598     12.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       196156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       38486     12.91%     12.92% |       38156     12.80%     25.72% |       38225     12.82%     38.54% |       29345      9.84%     48.38% |       39045     13.10%     61.48% |       38202     12.81%     74.29% |       37476     12.57%     86.86% |       39183     13.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       298151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         579      0.73%      0.73% |           0      0.00%      0.73% |       10768     13.59%     14.32% |       11868     14.97%     29.29% |       10935     13.80%     43.08% |        5587      7.05%     50.13% |       10945     13.81%     63.94% |       11290     14.24%     78.19% |        7858      9.91%     88.10% |        9433     11.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        79263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      4.01%      4.01% |           0      0.00%      4.01% |       22070     12.88%     16.88% |       21525     12.56%     29.44% |       22155     12.92%     42.36% |       15999      9.33%     51.70% |       21621     12.61%     64.31% |       20134     11.75%     76.06% |       20530     11.98%     88.03% |       20512     11.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       171416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5731160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5731160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       27546     13.16%     13.17% |       29725     14.20%     27.36% |       28055     13.40%     40.76% |       17723      8.47%     49.23% |       29036     13.87%     63.10% |       31447     15.02%     78.12% |       21356     10.20%     88.32% |       24453     11.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       209360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1335      0.44%      0.44% |          27      0.01%      0.45% |       37741     12.55%     13.00% |       37658     12.52%     25.53% |       37289     12.40%     37.93% |       31666     10.53%     48.46% |       38690     12.87%     61.32% |       37352     12.42%     73.74% |       39385     13.10%     86.84% |       39578     13.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       300721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122042     69.15%     69.15% |           0      0.00%     69.15% |        6792      3.85%     73.00% |        7264      4.12%     77.12% |        6562      3.72%     80.84% |        6911      3.92%     84.75% |        7241      4.10%     88.86% |        7393      4.19%     93.04% |        5578      3.16%     96.21% |        6697      3.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       176480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387350     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |       18508      1.21%     91.68% |       18890      1.23%     92.92% |       18676      1.22%     94.13% |       17304      1.13%     95.26% |       18756      1.22%     96.48% |       19370      1.26%     97.75% |       16536      1.08%     98.83% |       17995      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1533385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21203     25.58%     25.58% |           0      0.00%     25.58% |        8283      9.99%     35.57% |        8630     10.41%     45.98% |        8358     10.08%     56.06% |        5687      6.86%     62.92% |        8246      9.95%     72.87% |        7997      9.65%     82.52% |        6781      8.18%     90.70% |        7709      9.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        82894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         604     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119841     77.65%     77.65% |           0      0.00%     77.65% |        4337      2.81%     80.46% |        4293      2.78%     83.24% |        4291      2.78%     86.02% |        4324      2.80%     88.82% |        4293      2.78%     91.61% |        4632      3.00%     94.61% |        4007      2.60%     97.20% |        4317      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2769     12.78%     12.78% |        2984     13.77%     26.55% |        2940     13.57%     40.12% |        2055      9.48%     49.60% |        2858     13.19%     62.79% |        3139     14.49%     77.28% |        2387     11.02%     88.30% |        2536     11.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        21668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2002449     90.28%     90.28% |           0      0.00%     90.28% |       28000      1.26%     91.54% |       28698      1.29%     92.84% |       29178      1.32%     94.15% |       31003      1.40%     95.55% |       26265      1.18%     96.74% |       25362      1.14%     97.88% |       21338      0.96%     98.84% |       25689      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2217982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5115478     97.09%     97.09% |           0      0.00%     97.09% |       19313      0.37%     97.46% |       19331      0.37%     97.82% |       20405      0.39%     98.21% |       28336      0.54%     98.75% |       16836      0.32%     99.07% |       15699      0.30%     99.37% |       15660      0.30%     99.66% |       17708      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5268766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318     97.85%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           7      2.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167740     51.86%     51.86% |           0      0.00%     51.86% |       18674      5.77%     57.63% |       18586      5.75%     63.38% |       18899      5.84%     69.22% |       22459      6.94%     76.17% |       18796      5.81%     81.98% |       19084      5.90%     87.88% |       19831      6.13%     94.01% |       19374      5.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36299     13.30%     13.30% |       38078     13.95%     27.24% |       36543     13.38%     40.63% |       21100      7.73%     48.36% |       37212     13.63%     61.98% |       40413     14.80%     76.79% |       29764     10.90%     87.69% |       33613     12.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       273022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28557     13.33%     13.34% |       29316     13.68%     27.02% |       28436     13.27%     40.29% |       18411      8.59%     48.88% |       29677     13.85%     62.73% |       27731     12.94%     75.67% |       24822     11.58%     87.25% |       27319     12.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       214299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          43     20.19%     20.19% |          30     14.08%     34.27% |          19      8.92%     43.19% |          18      8.45%     51.64% |          31     14.55%     66.20% |          23     10.80%     77.00% |          26     12.21%     89.20% |          23     10.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141764     54.10%     54.10% |          11      0.00%     54.10% |       15676      5.98%     60.08% |       16226      6.19%     66.27% |       15908      6.07%     72.34% |       12353      4.71%     77.06% |       15716      6.00%     83.06% |       16055      6.13%     89.18% |       13494      5.15%     94.33% |       14854      5.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       262057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       28989     12.28%     12.30% |       30245     12.82%     25.11% |       29132     12.35%     37.46% |       26321     11.15%     48.61% |       30781     13.04%     61.66% |       32854     13.92%     75.58% |       28824     12.22%     87.80% |       28798     12.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       235971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123471     57.50%     57.50% |           0      0.00%     57.50% |       11764      5.48%     62.98% |       12102      5.64%     68.62% |       11398      5.31%     73.92% |        9513      4.43%     78.35% |       11651      5.43%     83.78% |       12468      5.81%     89.59% |       10286      4.79%     94.38% |       12075      5.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       214728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3800     13.09%     13.09% |        3504     12.07%     25.16% |        4023     13.86%     39.01% |        2604      8.97%     47.98% |        4096     14.11%     62.09% |        4072     14.02%     76.11% |        2945     10.14%     86.25% |        3991     13.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        29035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146894     29.57%     29.57% |           0      0.00%     29.57% |       44887      9.04%     38.61% |       45027      9.06%     47.67% |       44210      8.90%     56.57% |       36604      7.37%     63.94% |       45114      9.08%     73.02% |       44494      8.96%     81.98% |       44426      8.94%     90.92% |       45090      9.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       496746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2004     13.80%     13.80% |        2070     14.26%     28.06% |        1528     10.52%     38.58% |         920      6.34%     44.92% |        1462     10.07%     54.99% |        1525     10.50%     65.49% |        2799     19.28%     84.77% |        2212     15.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        14520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         761     14.49%     14.49% |         713     13.58%     28.07% |         568     10.82%     38.89% |         423      8.06%     46.94% |         614     11.69%     58.64% |         557     10.61%     69.24% |         898     17.10%     86.35% |         717     13.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         5251                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       34516     13.20%     13.20% |       37056     14.18%     27.38% |       36189     13.84%     41.22% |       20862      7.98%     49.20% |       37233     14.24%     63.45% |       40158     15.36%     78.81% |       24940      9.54%     88.35% |       30454     11.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       261408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       30585     13.12%     13.13% |       32516     13.95%     27.07% |       31510     13.52%     40.59% |       19904      8.54%     49.13% |       32518     13.95%     63.07% |       34962     15.00%     78.07% |       23403     10.04%     88.11% |       27727     11.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       233144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          43     20.19%     20.19% |          30     14.08%     34.27% |          19      8.92%     43.19% |          18      8.45%     51.64% |          31     14.55%     66.20% |          23     10.80%     77.00% |          26     12.21%     89.20% |          23     10.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1528    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         130    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287581     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23007      4.82%     65.01% |       22877      4.79%     69.80% |       23190      4.85%     74.65% |       26783      5.61%     80.26% |       23089      4.83%     85.09% |       23714      4.96%     90.05% |       23837      4.99%     95.04% |       23691      4.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     44.44%     44.44% |           2     22.22%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     22.22%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3829      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.18% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3536      2.87%     14.70% |        4041      3.28%     17.99% |        3713      3.02%     21.00% |        3293      2.67%     23.68% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5128      4.17%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3782      3.07%     36.94% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4269      3.47%     43.28% |        3862      3.14%     46.42% |        3767      3.06%     49.48% |        4081      3.31%     52.79% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3283      2.67%     61.72% |        3062      2.49%     64.21% |        3646      2.96%     67.17% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3386      2.75%     72.76% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3631      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4534      3.68%     84.96% |        3914      3.18%     88.14% |        5151      4.18%     92.32% |        5002      4.06%     96.39% |        4450      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       45019      7.48%      7.48% |       18585      3.09%     10.57% |       17661      2.94%     13.51% |       18427      3.06%     16.57% |       17950      2.98%     19.55% |       17525      2.91%     22.47% |       17286      2.87%     25.34% |       17272      2.87%     28.21% |       17567      2.92%     31.13% |       17862      2.97%     34.10% |       19686      3.27%     37.37% |       19362      3.22%     40.59% |       18274      3.04%     43.63% |       17900      2.98%     46.60% |       17095      2.84%     49.44% |       17318      2.88%     52.32% |       18438      3.06%     55.38% |       17764      2.95%     58.34% |       18065      3.00%     61.34% |       17842      2.97%     64.31% |       17886      2.97%     67.28% |       19005      3.16%     70.44% |       17614      2.93%     73.36% |       17262      2.87%     76.23% |       17666      2.94%     79.17% |       17988      2.99%     82.16% |       17563      2.92%     85.08% |       17206      2.86%     87.94% |       17575      2.92%     90.86% |       17079      2.84%     93.70% |       17666      2.94%     96.63% |       20249      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       601657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18717      3.50%      3.50% |       16746      3.13%      6.62% |       16404      3.06%      9.69% |       16693      3.12%     12.80% |       16711      3.12%     15.92% |       16475      3.08%     19.00% |       16212      3.03%     22.03% |       16303      3.04%     25.07% |       16714      3.12%     28.20% |       16431      3.07%     31.26% |       16423      3.07%     34.33% |       17001      3.17%     37.51% |       16680      3.12%     40.62% |       16402      3.06%     43.68% |       16281      3.04%     46.72% |       16307      3.05%     49.77% |       16641      3.11%     52.88% |       16502      3.08%     55.96% |       16629      3.11%     59.06% |       16764      3.13%     62.20% |       16635      3.11%     65.30% |       17622      3.29%     68.59% |       16503      3.08%     71.68% |       16511      3.08%     74.76% |       17042      3.18%     77.94% |       16698      3.12%     81.06% |       16787      3.14%     84.19% |       17109      3.20%     87.39% |       16688      3.12%     90.51% |       16624      3.10%     93.61% |       17152      3.20%     96.81% |       17059      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       535466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6629      3.16%      3.16% |        6465      3.08%      6.23% |        6506      3.10%      9.33% |        6490      3.09%     12.42% |        6690      3.19%     15.61% |        6462      3.08%     18.68% |        6506      3.10%     21.78% |        6522      3.11%     24.89% |        6683      3.18%     28.07% |        6478      3.08%     31.15% |        6464      3.08%     34.23% |        6550      3.12%     37.35% |        6669      3.18%     40.52% |        6549      3.12%     43.64% |        6520      3.10%     46.75% |        6519      3.10%     49.85% |        6704      3.19%     53.04% |        6546      3.12%     56.16% |        6619      3.15%     59.31% |        6518      3.10%     62.41% |        6709      3.19%     65.61% |        6474      3.08%     68.69% |        6581      3.13%     71.82% |        6548      3.12%     74.94% |        6655      3.17%     78.11% |        6526      3.11%     81.22% |        6619      3.15%     84.37% |        6666      3.17%     87.54% |        6654      3.17%     90.71% |        6482      3.09%     93.80% |        6491      3.09%     96.89% |        6541      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       210035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42859      8.97%      8.97% |       14997      3.14%     12.11% |       13667      2.86%     14.97% |       14587      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.91% |       13440      2.81%     23.73% |       13064      2.73%     26.46% |       13102      2.74%     29.20% |       13308      2.79%     31.99% |       13871      2.90%     34.89% |       15626      3.27%     38.16% |       15916      3.33%     41.49% |       14009      2.93%     44.43% |       13642      2.86%     47.28% |       12805      2.68%     49.96% |       13205      2.76%     52.73% |       14154      2.96%     55.69% |       13669      2.86%     58.55% |       14013      2.93%     61.48% |       14047      2.94%     64.42% |       13695      2.87%     67.29% |       16129      3.38%     70.66% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13286      2.78%     76.29% |       13748      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13662      2.86%     84.98% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13526      2.83%     90.67% |       13331      2.79%     93.46% |       14448      3.02%     96.48% |       16803      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477781                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8037      3.67%      3.67% |        6812      3.11%      6.77% |        6844      3.12%      9.89% |        6807      3.10%     13.00% |        6799      3.10%     16.10% |        6802      3.10%     19.20% |        6794      3.10%     22.30% |        6804      3.10%     25.40% |        6824      3.11%     28.51% |        6830      3.11%     31.63% |        6852      3.12%     34.75% |        6829      3.11%     37.87% |        6815      3.11%     40.98% |        6845      3.12%     44.10% |        6814      3.11%     47.21% |        6803      3.10%     50.31% |        6848      3.12%     53.43% |        6826      3.11%     56.55% |        6833      3.12%     59.66% |        6832      3.12%     62.78% |        6813      3.11%     65.88% |        6851      3.12%     69.01% |        6821      3.11%     72.12% |        6778      3.09%     75.21% |        6803      3.10%     78.31% |        6809      3.11%     81.42% |        6791      3.10%     84.52% |        6788      3.10%     87.61% |        6790      3.10%     90.71% |        6777      3.09%     93.80% |        6792      3.10%     96.90% |        6803      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1816      3.41%      3.41% |        1699      3.19%      6.61% |        1729      3.25%      9.86% |        1673      3.15%     13.01% |        1677      3.15%     16.16% |        1668      3.14%     19.30% |        1673      3.15%     22.44% |        1656      3.11%     25.56% |        1671      3.14%     28.70% |        1706      3.21%     31.91% |        1691      3.18%     35.09% |        1645      3.09%     38.18% |        1691      3.18%     41.36% |        1684      3.17%     44.53% |        1700      3.20%     47.72% |        1644      3.09%     50.82% |        1657      3.12%     53.93% |        1644      3.09%     57.02% |        1634      3.07%     60.10% |        1622      3.05%     63.15% |        1624      3.05%     66.20% |        1640      3.08%     69.28% |        1625      3.06%     72.34% |        1614      3.04%     75.38% |        1653      3.11%     78.48% |        1675      3.15%     81.63% |        1665      3.13%     84.76% |        1620      3.05%     87.81% |        1641      3.09%     90.90% |        1621      3.05%     93.94% |        1620      3.05%     96.99% |        1600      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10969      3.58%      3.58% |        9561      3.12%      6.71% |        9621      3.14%      9.85% |        9528      3.11%     12.97% |        9524      3.11%     16.08% |        9518      3.11%     19.19% |        9515      3.11%     22.30% |        9508      3.11%     25.40% |        9543      3.12%     28.52% |        9584      3.13%     31.65% |        9589      3.13%     34.79% |        9521      3.11%     37.90% |        9553      3.12%     41.02% |        9576      3.13%     44.15% |        9561      3.12%     47.27% |        9494      3.10%     50.37% |        9552      3.12%     53.49% |        9518      3.11%     56.60% |        9515      3.11%     59.71% |        9502      3.10%     62.82% |        9484      3.10%     65.92% |        9540      3.12%     69.03% |        9494      3.10%     72.14% |        9439      3.08%     75.22% |        9504      3.11%     78.33% |        9533      3.11%     81.44% |        9505      3.11%     84.55% |        9454      3.09%     87.64% |        9478      3.10%     90.73% |        9446      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9452      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9945      3.64%      3.64% |        8537      3.12%      6.76% |        8597      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8500      3.11%     16.13% |        8494      3.11%     19.24% |        8491      3.11%     22.35% |        8484      3.10%     25.45% |        8519      3.12%     28.57% |        8560      3.13%     31.70% |        8565      3.13%     34.84% |        8497      3.11%     37.94% |        8529      3.12%     41.07% |        8552      3.13%     44.20% |        8537      3.12%     47.32% |        8470      3.10%     50.42% |        8528      3.12%     53.54% |        8494      3.11%     56.65% |        8491      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.86% |        8460      3.10%     65.95% |        8516      3.12%     69.07% |        8470      3.10%     72.17% |        8415      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8509      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.57% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.75% |        8422      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.92% |        8428      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6834      3.18%      3.18% |        6663      3.10%      6.29% |        6700      3.12%      9.41% |        6679      3.11%     12.52% |        6851      3.19%     15.71% |        6633      3.09%     18.80% |        6634      3.09%     21.90% |        6704      3.12%     25.02% |        6826      3.18%     28.20% |        6656      3.10%     31.30% |        6679      3.11%     34.41% |        6654      3.10%     37.51% |        6816      3.18%     40.69% |        6675      3.11%     43.80% |        6635      3.09%     46.89% |        6652      3.10%     49.99% |        6859      3.20%     53.19% |        6695      3.12%     56.30% |        6696      3.12%     59.42% |        6644      3.10%     62.52% |        6829      3.18%     65.70% |        6666      3.11%     68.81% |        6716      3.13%     71.94% |        6613      3.08%     75.02% |        6774      3.16%     78.17% |        6643      3.10%     81.27% |        6660      3.10%     84.37% |        6680      3.11%     87.48% |        6840      3.19%     90.67% |        6659      3.10%     93.77% |        6709      3.13%     96.90% |        6653      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       214627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         686      3.17%      3.17% |         678      3.13%      6.29% |         680      3.14%      9.43% |         692      3.19%     12.63% |         686      3.17%     15.79% |         686      3.17%     18.96% |         670      3.09%     22.05% |         675      3.12%     25.16% |         690      3.18%     28.35% |         672      3.10%     31.45% |         675      3.12%     34.57% |         675      3.12%     37.68% |         679      3.13%     40.81% |         678      3.13%     43.94% |         686      3.17%     47.11% |         673      3.11%     50.21% |         681      3.14%     53.36% |         677      3.12%     56.48% |         669      3.09%     59.57% |         662      3.06%     62.62% |         671      3.10%     65.72% |         663      3.06%     68.78% |         673      3.11%     71.89% |         668      3.08%     74.97% |         671      3.10%     78.07% |         686      3.17%     81.23% |         671      3.10%     84.33% |         670      3.09%     87.42% |         682      3.15%     90.57% |         673      3.11%     93.67% |         685      3.16%     96.83% |         686      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        21669                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         399      3.10%      3.10% |         397      3.08%      6.18% |         406      3.15%      9.33% |         408      3.17%     12.49% |         407      3.16%     15.65% |         406      3.15%     18.80% |         406      3.15%     21.95% |         406      3.15%     25.10% |         404      3.14%     28.24% |         405      3.14%     31.38% |         411      3.19%     34.57% |         407      3.16%     37.73% |         407      3.16%     40.89% |         408      3.17%     44.06% |         408      3.17%     47.22% |         408      3.17%     50.39% |         406      3.15%     53.54% |         407      3.16%     56.70% |         402      3.12%     59.82% |         400      3.10%     62.92% |         400      3.10%     66.03% |         399      3.10%     69.12% |         399      3.10%     72.22% |         398      3.09%     75.31% |         397      3.08%     78.39% |         397      3.08%     81.47% |         400      3.10%     84.57% |         396      3.07%     87.65% |         398      3.09%     90.73% |         399      3.10%     93.83% |         398      3.09%     96.92% |         397      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12886                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         503      3.36%      3.36% |         456      3.04%      6.40% |         454      3.03%      9.43% |         447      2.98%     12.41% |         461      3.08%     15.49% |         470      3.14%     18.62% |         463      3.09%     21.71% |         461      3.08%     24.79% |         468      3.12%     27.91% |         476      3.18%     31.09% |         487      3.25%     34.34% |         476      3.18%     37.51% |         493      3.29%     40.80% |         496      3.31%     44.11% |         500      3.34%     47.45% |         484      3.23%     50.68% |         486      3.24%     53.92% |         472      3.15%     57.07% |         468      3.12%     60.19% |         446      2.98%     63.17% |         438      2.92%     66.09% |         470      3.14%     69.23% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         446      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.36% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         456      3.04%     87.84% |         451      3.01%     90.85% |         455      3.04%     93.89% |         463      3.09%     96.98% |         453      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14987                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7458      3.16%      3.16% |        7334      3.11%      6.27% |        7370      3.12%      9.39% |        7363      3.12%     12.51% |        7530      3.19%     15.70% |        7314      3.10%     18.80% |        7298      3.09%     21.90% |        7371      3.12%     25.02% |        7507      3.18%     28.20% |        7319      3.10%     31.30% |        7346      3.11%     34.42% |        7322      3.10%     37.52% |        7487      3.17%     40.69% |        7349      3.11%     43.81% |        7315      3.10%     46.91% |        7320      3.10%     50.01% |        7534      3.19%     53.20% |        7365      3.12%     56.32% |        7358      3.12%     59.44% |        7296      3.09%     62.53% |        7488      3.17%     65.70% |        7316      3.10%     68.81% |        7378      3.13%     71.93% |        7270      3.08%     75.01% |        7435      3.15%     78.16% |        7320      3.10%     81.27% |        7321      3.10%     84.37% |        7339      3.11%     87.48% |        7509      3.18%     90.66% |        7323      3.10%     93.76% |        7381      3.13%     96.89% |        7335      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       235971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59254      5.97%      5.97% |       30968      3.12%      9.10% |       29658      2.99%     12.09% |       30622      3.09%     15.17% |       30179      3.04%     18.21% |       29411      2.96%     21.18% |       29019      2.93%     24.11% |       29095      2.93%     27.04% |       29687      2.99%     30.03% |       29826      3.01%     33.04% |       31592      3.18%     36.22% |       31893      3.22%     39.44% |       30337      3.06%     42.50% |       29639      2.99%     45.48% |       28753      2.90%     48.38% |       29139      2.94%     51.32% |       30509      3.08%     54.40% |       29685      2.99%     57.39% |       29971      3.02%     60.41% |       29975      3.02%     63.43% |       30034      3.03%     66.46% |       32113      3.24%     69.70% |       29592      2.98%     72.68% |       29194      2.94%     75.62% |       30018      3.03%     78.65% |       30110      3.04%     81.69% |       29646      2.99%     84.67% |       29604      2.98%     87.66% |       29846      3.01%     90.67% |       29294      2.95%     93.62% |       30464      3.07%     96.69% |       32820      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       991947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         413      3.29%      3.29% |         374      2.98%      6.28% |         379      3.02%      9.30% |         373      2.98%     12.28% |         384      3.06%     15.34% |         381      3.04%     18.38% |         381      3.04%     21.42% |         384      3.06%     24.48% |         389      3.10%     27.58% |         402      3.21%     30.79% |         406      3.24%     34.03% |         397      3.17%     37.19% |         417      3.33%     40.52% |         417      3.33%     43.85% |         419      3.34%     47.19% |         407      3.25%     50.43% |         412      3.29%     53.72% |         400      3.19%     56.91% |         391      3.12%     60.03% |         372      2.97%     63.00% |         363      2.90%     65.89% |         389      3.10%     69.00% |         373      2.98%     71.97% |         372      2.97%     74.94% |         399      3.18%     78.12% |         406      3.24%     81.36% |         414      3.30%     84.66% |         388      3.09%     87.76% |         388      3.09%     90.85% |         382      3.05%     93.90% |         393      3.13%     97.03% |         372      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5282      4.13%      4.13% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4068      3.18%     10.46% |        3980      3.11%     13.58% |        3976      3.11%     16.69% |        3964      3.10%     19.79% |        3972      3.11%     22.90% |        3963      3.10%     26.00% |        3972      3.11%     29.11% |        4000      3.13%     32.24% |        4016      3.14%     35.38% |        3930      3.08%     38.46% |        3950      3.09%     41.55% |        3973      3.11%     44.66% |        3966      3.10%     47.76% |        3924      3.07%     50.83% |        3963      3.10%     53.93% |        3937      3.08%     57.01% |        3941      3.08%     60.10% |        3949      3.09%     63.19% |        3941      3.08%     66.27% |        3952      3.09%     69.37% |        3951      3.09%     72.46% |        3901      3.05%     75.51% |        3930      3.08%     78.59% |        3946      3.09%     81.67% |        3910      3.06%     84.73% |        3896      3.05%     87.78% |        3917      3.07%     90.85% |        3891      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3918      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127782                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5164      3.12%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5162      3.11%     21.90% |        5161      3.11%     25.01% |        5182      3.13%     28.14% |        5182      3.13%     31.27% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.52% |        5186      3.13%     40.65% |        5186      3.13%     43.78% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.02% |        5177      3.12%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.27% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5181      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.65% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5170      3.12%     71.90% |        5166      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5171      3.12%     87.51% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3224      2.92%     78.32% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4146      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2811      3.16%      3.16% |        2724      3.07%      6.23% |        2786      3.14%      9.37% |        2798      3.15%     12.51% |        2816      3.17%     15.68% |        2841      3.20%     18.88% |        2865      3.22%     22.11% |        2766      3.11%     25.22% |        2859      3.22%     28.44% |        2782      3.13%     31.57% |        2813      3.17%     34.73% |        2738      3.08%     37.82% |        2780      3.13%     40.94% |        2782      3.13%     44.08% |        2841      3.20%     47.27% |        2799      3.15%     50.42% |        2825      3.18%     53.60% |        2763      3.11%     56.71% |        2841      3.20%     59.91% |        2716      3.06%     62.97% |        2784      3.13%     66.10% |        2707      3.05%     69.15% |        2768      3.12%     72.26% |        2716      3.06%     75.32% |        2769      3.12%     78.44% |        2723      3.06%     81.50% |        2753      3.10%     84.60% |        2747      3.09%     87.69% |        2764      3.11%     90.80% |        2711      3.05%     93.85% |        2721      3.06%     96.92% |        2740      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        88849                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         996      3.16%      3.16% |        1017      3.23%      6.39% |         996      3.16%      9.55% |        1007      3.20%     12.75% |         988      3.14%     15.89% |        1014      3.22%     19.11% |         944      3.00%     22.10% |         988      3.14%     25.24% |         989      3.14%     28.38% |         985      3.13%     31.51% |        1011      3.21%     34.72% |         949      3.01%     37.73% |        1014      3.22%     40.95% |         983      3.12%     44.07% |         967      3.07%     47.14% |         968      3.07%     50.21% |         972      3.09%     53.30% |        1013      3.22%     56.51% |         964      3.06%     59.57% |         981      3.11%     62.69% |         960      3.05%     65.74% |        1026      3.26%     68.99% |         976      3.10%     72.09% |         952      3.02%     75.11% |         990      3.14%     78.26% |         978      3.10%     81.36% |         983      3.12%     84.48% |         937      2.97%     87.46% |         994      3.16%     90.61% |         988      3.14%     93.75% |        1009      3.20%     96.95% |         960      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        31499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6455      3.16%      3.16% |        6307      3.09%      6.25% |        6364      3.12%      9.37% |        6335      3.10%     12.47% |        6526      3.20%     15.67% |        6281      3.08%     18.75% |        6345      3.11%     21.86% |        6366      3.12%     24.98% |        6498      3.18%     28.16% |        6331      3.10%     31.26% |        6319      3.10%     34.36% |        6356      3.11%     37.47% |        6460      3.16%     40.64% |        6350      3.11%     43.75% |        6333      3.10%     46.85% |        6343      3.11%     49.96% |        6554      3.21%     53.17% |        6338      3.11%     56.27% |        6404      3.14%     59.41% |        6313      3.09%     62.50% |        6516      3.19%     65.70% |        6284      3.08%     68.78% |        6389      3.13%     71.91% |        6317      3.09%     75.00% |        6447      3.16%     78.16% |        6327      3.10%     81.26% |        6334      3.10%     84.36% |        6393      3.13%     87.49% |        6505      3.19%     90.68% |        6319      3.10%     93.78% |        6346      3.11%     96.89% |        6354      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       204109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         470      3.29%      3.29% |         433      3.03%      6.31% |         424      2.96%      9.28% |         430      3.01%     12.28% |         443      3.10%     15.38% |         439      3.07%     18.45% |         439      3.07%     21.51% |         442      3.09%     24.60% |         446      3.12%     27.72% |         455      3.18%     30.90% |         449      3.14%     34.04% |         455      3.18%     37.22% |         473      3.31%     40.53% |         473      3.31%     43.83% |         476      3.33%     47.16% |         463      3.24%     50.39% |         466      3.26%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.83% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         416      2.91%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         441      3.08%     87.77% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29086     21.42%     21.42% |        4167      3.07%     24.49% |        3100      2.28%     26.78% |        3922      2.89%     29.66% |        3253      2.40%     32.06% |        2997      2.21%     34.27% |        2775      2.04%     36.31% |        2786      2.05%     38.36% |        2832      2.09%     40.45% |        3385      2.49%     42.94% |        5152      3.79%     46.74% |        4975      3.66%     50.40% |        3627      2.67%     53.07% |        3326      2.45%     55.52% |        2528      1.86%     57.38% |        2889      2.13%     59.51% |        3702      2.73%     62.24% |        3284      2.42%     64.66% |        3442      2.54%     67.19% |        3403      2.51%     69.70% |        3262      2.40%     72.10% |        4631      3.41%     75.51% |        3095      2.28%     77.79% |        2869      2.11%     79.91% |        3035      2.24%     82.14% |        3536      2.60%     84.75% |        3083      2.27%     87.02% |        2693      1.98%     89.00% |        3020      2.22%     91.22% |        2776      2.04%     93.27% |        3324      2.45%     95.72% |        5814      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3506      6.31%      6.31% |        1858      3.35%      9.66% |        1544      2.78%     12.44% |        1724      3.10%     15.55% |        1636      2.95%     18.49% |        1532      2.76%     21.25% |        1373      2.47%     23.72% |        1410      2.54%     26.26% |        1546      2.78%     29.05% |        1523      2.74%     31.79% |        1513      2.72%     34.51% |        2033      3.66%     38.17% |        1460      2.63%     40.80% |        1374      2.47%     43.28% |        1352      2.43%     45.71% |        1444      2.60%     48.31% |        1526      2.75%     51.06% |        1481      2.67%     53.73% |        1652      2.98%     56.70% |        1729      3.11%     59.82% |        1538      2.77%     62.59% |        2582      4.65%     67.24% |        1604      2.89%     70.13% |        1566      2.82%     72.95% |        1820      3.28%     76.22% |        1678      3.02%     79.25% |        1702      3.07%     82.31% |        2086      3.76%     86.07% |        1623      2.92%     88.99% |        1706      3.07%     92.06% |        2275      4.10%     96.16% |        2133      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55529                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8031      3.67%      3.67% |        6803      3.11%      6.77% |        6827      3.12%      9.89% |        6803      3.11%     12.99% |        6797      3.10%     16.09% |        6794      3.10%     19.20% |        6791      3.10%     22.29% |        6801      3.10%     25.40% |        6819      3.11%     28.51% |        6822      3.11%     31.63% |        6831      3.12%     34.74% |        6823      3.11%     37.86% |        6810      3.11%     40.97% |        6842      3.12%     44.09% |        6808      3.11%     47.20% |        6800      3.10%     50.30% |        6844      3.12%     53.42% |        6824      3.11%     56.54% |        6829      3.12%     59.66% |        6828      3.12%     62.77% |        6807      3.11%     65.88% |        6843      3.12%     69.00% |        6817      3.11%     72.11% |        6776      3.09%     75.21% |        6799      3.10%     78.31% |        6806      3.11%     81.42% |        6787      3.10%     84.51% |        6785      3.10%     87.61% |        6784      3.10%     90.71% |        6773      3.09%     93.80% |        6789      3.10%     96.90% |        6798      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1313      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.71% |        1282      3.37%     10.08% |        1222      3.21%     13.29% |        1211      3.18%     16.47% |        1201      3.15%     19.62% |        1207      3.17%     22.79% |        1190      3.12%     25.91% |        1199      3.15%     29.06% |        1229      3.23%     32.28% |        1217      3.19%     35.48% |        1168      3.07%     38.54% |        1195      3.14%     41.68% |        1187      3.12%     44.80% |        1200      3.15%     47.95% |        1158      3.04%     50.99% |        1169      3.07%     54.05% |        1167      3.06%     57.12% |        1163      3.05%     60.17% |        1170      3.07%     63.24% |        1180      3.10%     66.34% |        1165      3.06%     69.40% |        1169      3.07%     72.47% |        1159      3.04%     75.51% |        1173      3.08%     78.59% |        1191      3.13%     81.71% |        1172      3.08%     84.79% |        1156      3.03%     87.82% |        1183      3.11%     90.93% |        1161      3.05%     93.98% |        1147      3.01%     96.99% |        1148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7458      3.16%      3.16% |        7334      3.11%      6.27% |        7370      3.12%      9.39% |        7363      3.12%     12.51% |        7530      3.19%     15.70% |        7314      3.10%     18.80% |        7298      3.09%     21.90% |        7371      3.12%     25.02% |        7507      3.18%     28.20% |        7319      3.10%     31.30% |        7346      3.11%     34.42% |        7322      3.10%     37.52% |        7487      3.17%     40.69% |        7349      3.11%     43.81% |        7315      3.10%     46.91% |        7320      3.10%     50.01% |        7534      3.19%     53.20% |        7365      3.12%     56.32% |        7358      3.12%     59.44% |        7296      3.09%     62.53% |        7488      3.17%     65.70% |        7316      3.10%     68.81% |        7378      3.13%     71.93% |        7270      3.08%     75.01% |        7435      3.15%     78.16% |        7320      3.10%     81.27% |        7321      3.10%     84.37% |        7339      3.11%     87.48% |        7509      3.18%     90.66% |        7323      3.10%     93.76% |        7381      3.13%     96.89% |        7335      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       235971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8704      3.19%      3.19% |        8477      3.10%      6.29% |        8457      3.10%      9.39% |        8515      3.12%     12.51% |        8679      3.18%     15.69% |        8488      3.11%     18.80% |        8500      3.11%     21.91% |        8466      3.10%     25.01% |        8708      3.19%     28.20% |        8476      3.10%     31.30% |        8460      3.10%     34.40% |        8499      3.11%     37.52% |        8685      3.18%     40.70% |        8492      3.11%     43.81% |        8474      3.10%     46.91% |        8460      3.10%     50.01% |        8667      3.17%     53.18% |        8496      3.11%     56.30% |        8444      3.09%     59.39% |        8473      3.10%     62.49% |        8682      3.18%     65.67% |        8491      3.11%     68.78% |        8452      3.10%     71.88% |        8480      3.11%     74.98% |        8680      3.18%     78.16% |        8507      3.12%     81.28% |        8506      3.12%     84.39% |        8477      3.10%     87.50% |        8659      3.17%     90.67% |        8483      3.11%     93.78% |        8474      3.10%     96.88% |        8516      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       273027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42859      8.97%      8.97% |       14996      3.14%     12.11% |       13667      2.86%     14.97% |       14587      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.91% |       13440      2.81%     23.73% |       13064      2.73%     26.46% |       13102      2.74%     29.20% |       13308      2.79%     31.99% |       13870      2.90%     34.89% |       15624      3.27%     38.16% |       15914      3.33%     41.49% |       14009      2.93%     44.43% |       13642      2.86%     47.28% |       12805      2.68%     49.96% |       13205      2.76%     52.73% |       14154      2.96%     55.69% |       13669      2.86%     58.55% |       14013      2.93%     61.48% |       14044      2.94%     64.42% |       13695      2.87%     67.29% |       16129      3.38%     70.66% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13286      2.78%     76.29% |       13748      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13662      2.86%     84.99% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13523      2.83%     90.67% |       13331      2.79%     93.46% |       14448      3.02%     96.48% |       16803      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.55%      4.55% |           7      6.36%     10.91% |           6      5.45%     16.36% |           3      2.73%     19.09% |           2      1.82%     20.91% |           5      4.55%     25.45% |           0      0.00%     25.45% |           0      0.00%     25.45% |           4      3.64%     29.09% |           5      4.55%     33.64% |           3      2.73%     36.36% |           5      4.55%     40.91% |           3      2.73%     43.64% |           1      0.91%     44.55% |           3      2.73%     47.27% |           1      0.91%     48.18% |           2      1.82%     50.00% |           1      0.91%     50.91% |           3      2.73%     53.64% |           3      2.73%     56.36% |           5      4.55%     60.91% |           7      6.36%     67.27% |           4      3.64%     70.91% |           2      1.82%     72.73% |           4      3.64%     76.36% |           3      2.73%     79.09% |           4      3.64%     82.73% |           3      2.73%     85.45% |           5      4.55%     90.00% |           3      2.73%     92.73% |           3      2.73%     95.45% |           5      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          33      4.26%      4.26% |          21      2.71%      6.98% |          23      2.97%      9.95% |          21      2.71%     12.66% |          23      2.97%     15.63% |          28      3.62%     19.25% |          27      3.49%     22.74% |          24      3.10%     25.84% |          26      3.36%     29.20% |          22      2.84%     32.04% |          25      3.23%     35.27% |          22      2.84%     38.11% |          23      2.97%     41.09% |          24      3.10%     44.19% |          24      3.10%     47.29% |          23      2.97%     50.26% |          22      2.84%     53.10% |          23      2.97%     56.07% |          22      2.84%     58.91% |          27      3.49%     62.40% |          28      3.62%     66.02% |          35      4.52%     70.54% |          25      3.23%     73.77% |          25      3.23%     77.00% |          20      2.58%     79.59% |          21      2.71%     82.30% |          21      2.71%     85.01% |          23      2.97%     87.98% |          20      2.58%     90.57% |          23      2.97%     93.54% |          26      3.36%     96.90% |          24      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9945      3.64%      3.64% |        8537      3.12%      6.76% |        8597      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8500      3.11%     16.13% |        8494      3.11%     19.24% |        8491      3.11%     22.35% |        8484      3.10%     25.45% |        8519      3.12%     28.57% |        8560      3.13%     31.70% |        8565      3.13%     34.84% |        8497      3.11%     37.94% |        8529      3.12%     41.07% |        8552      3.13%     44.20% |        8537      3.12%     47.32% |        8470      3.10%     50.42% |        8528      3.12%     53.54% |        8494      3.11%     56.65% |        8491      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.86% |        8460      3.10%     65.95% |        8516      3.12%     69.07% |        8470      3.10%     72.17% |        8415      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8509      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.57% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.75% |        8422      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.92% |        8428      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     47.93%     47.93% |           5      4.13%     52.07% |           4      3.31%     55.37% |           3      2.48%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |           1      0.83%     58.68% |           3      2.48%     61.16% |           2      1.65%     62.81% |           3      2.48%     65.29% |           2      1.65%     66.94% |           0      0.00%     66.94% |           1      0.83%     67.77% |           0      0.00%     67.77% |           1      0.83%     68.60% |           1      0.83%     69.42% |           2      1.65%     71.07% |           1      0.83%     71.90% |           3      2.48%     74.38% |           3      2.48%     76.86% |           3      2.48%     79.34% |           1      0.83%     80.17% |           3      2.48%     82.64% |           2      1.65%     84.30% |           3      2.48%     86.78% |           3      2.48%     89.26% |           5      4.13%     93.39% |           3      2.48%     95.87% |           3      2.48%     98.35% |           2      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          121                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      1.96%      1.96% |           2      0.98%      2.94% |           6      2.94%      5.88% |           5      2.45%      8.33% |           7      3.43%     11.76% |           5      2.45%     14.22% |           6      2.94%     17.16% |           8      3.92%     21.08% |           8      3.92%     25.00% |           6      2.94%     27.94% |           6      2.94%     30.88% |           4      1.96%     32.84% |           6      2.94%     35.78% |           4      1.96%     37.75% |           5      2.45%     40.20% |           5      2.45%     42.65% |           5      2.45%     45.10% |           6      2.94%     48.04% |           5      2.45%     50.49% |           9      4.41%     54.90% |           9      4.41%     59.31% |          10      4.90%     64.22% |           8      3.92%     68.14% |          10      4.90%     73.04% |           7      3.43%     76.47% |           7      3.43%     79.90% |           7      3.43%     83.33% |           8      3.92%     87.25% |           8      3.92%     91.18% |           6      2.94%     94.12% |          10      4.90%     99.02% |           2      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          29      5.09%      5.09% |          19      3.33%      8.42% |          17      2.98%     11.40% |          16      2.81%     14.21% |          16      2.81%     17.02% |          23      4.04%     21.05% |          21      3.68%     24.74% |          16      2.81%     27.54% |          18      3.16%     30.70% |          16      2.81%     33.51% |          19      3.33%     36.84% |          18      3.16%     40.00% |          17      2.98%     42.98% |          20      3.51%     46.49% |          19      3.33%     49.82% |          18      3.16%     52.98% |          17      2.98%     55.96% |          17      2.98%     58.95% |          17      2.98%     61.93% |          18      3.16%     65.09% |          19      3.33%     68.42% |          25      4.39%     72.81% |          17      2.98%     75.79% |          15      2.63%     78.42% |          13      2.28%     80.70% |          14      2.46%     83.16% |          14      2.46%     85.61% |          15      2.63%     88.25% |          12      2.11%     90.35% |          17      2.98%     93.33% |          16      2.81%     96.14% |          22      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         399      3.14%      3.14% |         397      3.13%      6.27% |         342      2.70%      8.97% |         407      3.21%     12.18% |         407      3.21%     15.38% |         406      3.20%     18.58% |         404      3.18%     21.77% |         403      3.18%     24.94% |         403      3.18%     28.12% |         403      3.18%     31.30% |         302      2.38%     33.68% |         406      3.20%     36.88% |         405      3.19%     40.07% |         406      3.20%     43.27% |         406      3.20%     46.47% |         406      3.20%     49.67% |         404      3.18%     52.85% |         406      3.20%     56.05% |         401      3.16%     59.21% |         399      3.14%     62.36% |         399      3.14%     65.50% |         399      3.14%     68.65% |         399      3.14%     71.79% |         398      3.14%     74.93% |         397      3.13%     78.06% |         397      3.13%     81.19% |         400      3.15%     84.34% |         396      3.12%     87.46% |         398      3.14%     90.60% |         398      3.14%     93.73% |         398      3.14%     96.87% |         397      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         470      3.29%      3.29% |         433      3.03%      6.31% |         424      2.96%      9.28% |         430      3.01%     12.28% |         443      3.10%     15.38% |         439      3.07%     18.45% |         439      3.07%     21.51% |         442      3.09%     24.60% |         446      3.12%     27.72% |         455      3.18%     30.90% |         449      3.14%     34.04% |         455      3.18%     37.22% |         473      3.31%     40.53% |         473      3.31%     43.83% |         476      3.33%     47.16% |         463      3.24%     50.39% |         466      3.26%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.83% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         416      2.91%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         441      3.08%     87.77% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.32%     32.32% |           1      0.51%     32.83% |           0      0.00%     32.83% |           0      0.00%     32.83% |           2      1.01%     33.84% |           3      1.52%     35.35% |           1      0.51%     35.86% |           2      1.01%     36.87% |         109     55.05%     91.92% |           1      0.51%     92.42% |           2      1.01%     93.43% |           2      1.01%     94.44% |           2      1.01%     95.45% |           2      1.01%     96.46% |           2      1.01%     97.47% |           1      0.51%     97.98% |           1      0.51%     98.48% |           1      0.51%     98.99% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          49      3.28%      3.28% |          45      3.01%      6.30% |          45      3.01%      9.31% |          36      2.41%     11.72% |          43      2.88%     14.60% |          38      2.55%     17.15% |          52      3.48%     20.63% |          45      3.01%     23.64% |          40      2.68%     26.32% |          56      3.75%     30.07% |          46      3.08%     33.15% |          43      2.88%     36.03% |          45      3.01%     39.05% |          45      3.01%     42.06% |          43      2.88%     44.94% |          52      3.48%     48.43% |          52      3.48%     51.91% |          45      3.01%     54.92% |          59      3.95%     58.87% |          54      3.62%     62.49% |          46      3.08%     65.57% |          52      3.48%     69.06% |          45      3.01%     72.07% |          57      3.82%     75.89% |          59      3.95%     79.84% |          43      2.88%     82.72% |          53      3.55%     86.27% |          49      3.28%     89.55% |          45      3.01%     92.57% |          42      2.81%     95.38% |          32      2.14%     97.52% |          37      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5233      4.14%      4.14% |        3973      3.15%      7.29% |        4023      3.19%     10.48% |        3944      3.12%     13.60% |        3933      3.11%     16.71% |        3926      3.11%     19.82% |        3920      3.10%     22.93% |        3918      3.10%     26.03% |        3932      3.11%     29.14% |        3944      3.12%     32.26% |        3969      3.14%     35.41% |        3887      3.08%     38.49% |        3905      3.09%     41.58% |        3928      3.11%     44.69% |        3923      3.11%     47.79% |        3872      3.07%     50.86% |        3911      3.10%     53.96% |        3892      3.08%     57.04% |        3882      3.07%     60.11% |        3895      3.08%     63.20% |        3895      3.08%     66.28% |        3900      3.09%     69.37% |        3906      3.09%     72.46% |        3844      3.04%     75.51% |        3871      3.07%     78.57% |        3903      3.09%     81.66% |        3857      3.05%     84.72% |        3847      3.05%     87.76% |        3872      3.07%     90.83% |        3849      3.05%     93.88% |        3853      3.05%     96.93% |        3881      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       126288                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         462      3.29%      3.29% |         419      2.99%      6.28% |         424      3.02%      9.30% |         409      2.92%     12.22% |         427      3.04%     15.26% |         419      2.99%     18.25% |         433      3.09%     21.34% |         429      3.06%     24.39% |         429      3.06%     27.45% |         458      3.26%     30.72% |         452      3.22%     33.94% |         440      3.14%     37.08% |         462      3.29%     40.37% |         462      3.29%     43.66% |         462      3.29%     46.96% |         459      3.27%     50.23% |         464      3.31%     53.54% |         445      3.17%     56.71% |         450      3.21%     59.92% |         426      3.04%     62.95% |         408      2.91%     65.86% |         441      3.14%     69.00% |         418      2.98%     71.98% |         429      3.06%     75.04% |         458      3.26%     78.31% |         449      3.20%     81.51% |         467      3.33%     84.84% |         436      3.11%     87.95% |         433      3.09%     91.03% |         424      3.02%     94.05% |         425      3.03%     97.08% |         409      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14028                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5169      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5164      3.12%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5162      3.11%     21.90% |        5161      3.11%     25.01% |        5182      3.13%     28.14% |        5182      3.13%     31.27% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.52% |        5186      3.13%     40.65% |        5186      3.13%     43.78% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.02% |        5177      3.12%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.27% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5181      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.65% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5170      3.12%     71.90% |        5166      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5171      3.12%     87.51% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          53      2.52%      2.52% |          57      2.71%      5.22% |          66      3.13%      8.35% |          64      3.04%     11.39% |          74      3.51%     14.90% |          70      3.32%     18.22% |          64      3.04%     21.26% |          67      3.18%     24.44% |          62      2.94%     27.38% |          52      2.47%     29.85% |          56      2.66%     32.51% |          54      2.56%     35.07% |          77      3.65%     38.73% |          67      3.18%     41.91% |          60      2.85%     44.76% |          63      2.99%     47.75% |          70      3.32%     51.07% |          57      2.71%     53.77% |          71      3.37%     57.14% |          79      3.75%     60.89% |          63      2.99%     63.88% |          70      3.32%     67.20% |          69      3.27%     70.48% |          79      3.75%     74.23% |          81      3.84%     78.07% |          72      3.42%     81.49% |          63      2.99%     84.48% |          77      3.65%     88.13% |          58      2.75%     90.89% |          64      3.04%     93.93% |          65      3.08%     97.01% |          63      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          77      2.26%      2.26% |          74      2.17%      4.42% |          88      2.58%      7.00% |          99      2.90%      9.90% |          90      2.64%     12.54% |          93      2.72%     15.27% |          77      2.26%     17.52% |          99      2.90%     20.42% |          98      2.87%     23.29% |         103      3.02%     26.31% |          89      2.61%     28.92% |         112      3.28%     32.20% |         128      3.75%     35.95% |         142      4.16%     40.11% |         110      3.22%     43.33% |         100      2.93%     46.26% |         121      3.55%     49.81% |         115      3.37%     53.18% |         146      4.28%     57.46% |         139      4.07%     61.53% |          98      2.87%     64.40% |         107      3.14%     67.54% |         103      3.02%     70.55% |         126      3.69%     74.25% |         124      3.63%     77.88% |         121      3.55%     81.42% |         142      4.16%     85.58% |         148      4.34%     89.92% |          81      2.37%     92.29% |          85      2.49%     94.78% |          72      2.11%     96.89% |         106      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3413                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         148      2.83%      2.83% |         140      2.68%      5.52% |         122      2.34%      7.85% |         126      2.41%     10.26% |         150      2.87%     13.14% |         152      2.91%     16.05% |         140      2.68%     18.73% |         132      2.53%     21.26% |         165      3.16%     24.42% |         124      2.37%     26.79% |         127      2.43%     29.22% |         161      3.08%     32.31% |         180      3.45%     35.75% |         184      3.52%     39.28% |         168      3.22%     42.49% |         151      2.89%     45.38% |         130      2.49%     47.87% |         182      3.49%     51.36% |         194      3.72%     55.07% |         183      3.50%     58.58% |         171      3.27%     61.85% |         161      3.08%     64.94% |         175      3.35%     68.29% |         207      3.96%     72.25% |         189      3.62%     75.87% |         181      3.47%     79.34% |         262      5.02%     84.35% |         255      4.88%     89.24% |         127      2.43%     91.67% |         137      2.62%     94.29% |         124      2.37%     96.67% |         174      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         5222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7451      3.16%      3.16% |        7324      3.11%      6.27% |        7360      3.12%      9.39% |        7342      3.12%     12.51% |        7514      3.19%     15.70% |        7295      3.10%     18.80% |        7289      3.09%     21.89% |        7354      3.12%     25.01% |        7487      3.18%     28.19% |        7316      3.11%     31.29% |        7330      3.11%     34.41% |        7305      3.10%     37.51% |        7474      3.17%     40.68% |        7333      3.11%     43.79% |        7300      3.10%     46.89% |        7311      3.10%     49.99% |        7526      3.19%     53.19% |        7351      3.12%     56.31% |        7368      3.13%     59.43% |        7294      3.10%     62.53% |        7476      3.17%     65.70% |        7310      3.10%     68.80% |        7365      3.13%     71.93% |        7269      3.09%     75.02% |        7437      3.16%     78.17% |        7305      3.10%     81.27% |        7317      3.11%     84.38% |        7330      3.11%     87.49% |        7499      3.18%     90.67% |        7307      3.10%     93.77% |        7355      3.12%     96.90% |        7314      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       235608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         158      3.02%      3.02% |         140      2.68%      5.70% |         133      2.54%      8.24% |         150      2.87%     11.11% |         135      2.58%     13.70% |         174      3.33%     17.02% |         150      2.87%     19.89% |         163      3.12%     23.01% |         170      3.25%     26.26% |         134      2.56%     28.83% |         144      2.75%     31.58% |         155      2.96%     34.54% |         163      3.12%     37.66% |         191      3.65%     41.32% |         187      3.58%     44.89% |         140      2.68%     47.57% |         165      3.16%     50.73% |         169      3.23%     53.96% |         165      3.16%     57.12% |         187      3.58%     60.69% |         160      3.06%     63.75% |         140      2.68%     66.43% |         157      3.00%     69.43% |         194      3.71%     73.14% |         182      3.48%     76.63% |         198      3.79%     80.41% |         204      3.90%     84.32% |         191      3.65%     87.97% |         153      2.93%     90.90% |         143      2.74%     93.63% |         145      2.77%     96.40% |         188      3.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          99      2.44%      2.44% |          94      2.32%      4.76% |          88      2.17%      6.94% |         112      2.76%      9.70% |          97      2.39%     12.10% |         111      2.74%     14.84% |          99      2.44%     17.28% |         123      3.04%     20.32% |         133      3.28%     23.60% |          97      2.39%     25.99% |         121      2.99%     28.98% |         129      3.18%     32.16% |         137      3.38%     35.55% |         154      3.80%     39.35% |         138      3.41%     42.75% |         107      2.64%     45.40% |         122      3.01%     48.41% |         132      3.26%     51.67% |         156      3.85%     55.52% |         166      4.10%     59.61% |         115      2.84%     62.45% |         135      3.33%     65.79% |         134      3.31%     69.09% |         144      3.55%     72.65% |         165      4.07%     76.72% |         148      3.65%     80.38% |         179      4.42%     84.79% |         193      4.76%     89.56% |         100      2.47%     92.03% |         124      3.06%     95.09% |          82      2.02%     97.11% |         117      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51803      6.85%      6.85% |       23644      3.13%      9.98% |       22298      2.95%     12.92% |       23280      3.08%     16.00% |       22665      3.00%     19.00% |       22116      2.92%     21.92% |       21730      2.87%     24.80% |       21741      2.87%     27.67% |       22200      2.94%     30.60% |       22510      2.98%     33.58% |       24262      3.21%     36.79% |       24588      3.25%     40.04% |       22863      3.02%     43.06% |       22306      2.95%     46.01% |       21453      2.84%     48.85% |       21828      2.89%     51.73% |       22983      3.04%     54.77% |       22334      2.95%     57.73% |       22603      2.99%     60.71% |       22681      3.00%     63.71% |       22558      2.98%     66.70% |       24803      3.28%     69.98% |       22227      2.94%     72.91% |       21925      2.90%     75.81% |       22581      2.99%     78.80% |       22805      3.02%     81.81% |       22329      2.95%     84.77% |       22274      2.94%     87.71% |       22347      2.95%     90.67% |       21987      2.91%     93.57% |       23109      3.06%     96.63% |       25506      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       756339                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          81      2.33%      2.33% |          64      1.84%      4.17% |          71      2.04%      6.21% |          75      2.15%      8.36% |          90      2.59%     10.95% |         102      2.93%     13.88% |          76      2.18%     16.06% |          85      2.44%     18.50% |          90      2.59%     21.09% |          97      2.79%     23.87% |          86      2.47%     26.34% |         117      3.36%     29.70% |         119      3.42%     33.12% |         135      3.88%     37.00% |         120      3.45%     40.45% |          99      2.84%     43.29% |         104      2.99%     46.28% |         119      3.42%     49.70% |         165      4.74%     54.44% |         129      3.71%     58.14% |         117      3.36%     61.51% |         100      2.87%     64.38% |         122      3.50%     67.88% |         144      4.14%     72.02% |         148      4.25%     76.27% |         122      3.50%     79.78% |         141      4.05%     83.83% |         185      5.31%     89.14% |          77      2.21%     91.35% |         103      2.96%     94.31% |          84      2.41%     96.73% |         114      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          42      2.37%      2.37% |          49      2.76%      5.13% |          41      2.31%      7.44% |          45      2.54%      9.98% |          46      2.59%     12.57% |          48      2.71%     15.28% |          37      2.09%     17.36% |          46      2.59%     19.95% |          43      2.42%     22.38% |          53      2.99%     25.37% |          49      2.76%     28.13% |          65      3.66%     31.79% |          55      3.10%     34.89% |          63      3.55%     38.44% |          52      2.93%     41.38% |          57      3.21%     44.59% |          41      2.31%     46.90% |          72      4.06%     50.96% |          64      3.61%     54.57% |          76      4.28%     58.85% |          45      2.54%     61.39% |          69      3.89%     65.28% |          56      3.16%     68.43% |          64      3.61%     72.04% |          71      4.00%     76.04% |          69      3.89%     79.93% |          79      4.45%     84.39% |          76      4.28%     88.67% |          46      2.59%     91.26% |          51      2.87%     94.14% |          49      2.76%     96.90% |          55      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          16      3.70%      3.70% |          11      2.54%      6.24% |          13      3.00%      9.24% |          22      5.08%     14.32% |          10      2.31%     16.63% |          18      4.16%     20.79% |          12      2.77%     23.56% |          19      4.39%     27.94% |          10      2.31%     30.25% |          14      3.23%     33.49% |           7      1.62%     35.10% |          18      4.16%     39.26% |          15      3.46%     42.73% |          10      2.31%     45.03% |          13      3.00%     48.04% |          19      4.39%     52.42% |          14      3.23%     55.66% |          16      3.70%     59.35% |          10      2.31%     61.66% |          12      2.77%     64.43% |          15      3.46%     67.90% |          17      3.93%     71.82% |          11      2.54%     74.36% |          15      3.46%     77.83% |          10      2.31%     80.14% |          13      3.00%     83.14% |          17      3.93%     87.07% |           8      1.85%     88.91% |          12      2.77%     91.69% |          14      3.23%     94.92% |          16      3.70%     98.61% |           6      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          433                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6713      3.22%      3.22% |        6565      3.15%      6.37% |        6524      3.13%      9.50% |        6445      3.09%     12.60% |        6746      3.24%     15.83% |        6465      3.10%     18.93% |        6378      3.06%     22.00% |        6422      3.08%     25.08% |        6566      3.15%     28.23% |        6429      3.09%     31.31% |        6523      3.13%     34.44% |        6419      3.08%     37.52% |        6684      3.21%     40.73% |        6460      3.10%     43.83% |        6497      3.12%     46.95% |        6532      3.13%     50.08% |        6683      3.21%     53.29% |        6466      3.10%     56.39% |        6463      3.10%     59.50% |        6403      3.07%     62.57% |        6597      3.17%     65.73% |        6450      3.10%     68.83% |        6549      3.14%     71.97% |        6448      3.09%     75.07% |        6530      3.13%     78.20% |        6486      3.11%     81.31% |        6428      3.08%     84.40% |        6468      3.10%     87.50% |        6712      3.22%     90.72% |        6398      3.07%     93.79% |        6568      3.15%     96.94% |        6370      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       208387                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         684      3.22%      3.22% |         672      3.16%      6.39% |         669      3.15%      9.54% |         679      3.20%     12.73% |         685      3.23%     15.96% |         671      3.16%     19.12% |         657      3.09%     22.22% |         653      3.08%     25.29% |         671      3.16%     28.45% |         656      3.09%     31.54% |         662      3.12%     34.66% |         655      3.08%     37.74% |         662      3.12%     40.86% |         660      3.11%     43.97% |         675      3.18%     47.15% |         667      3.14%     50.29% |         665      3.13%     53.42% |         655      3.08%     56.51% |         646      3.04%     59.55% |         647      3.05%     62.60% |         653      3.08%     65.67% |         652      3.07%     68.74% |         661      3.11%     71.86% |         659      3.10%     74.96% |         659      3.10%     78.06% |         672      3.16%     81.23% |         657      3.09%     84.32% |         656      3.09%     87.41% |         672      3.16%     90.58% |         655      3.08%     93.66% |         677      3.19%     96.85% |         669      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        21233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          61      0.96%      0.96% |          97      1.53%      2.49% |         177      2.79%      5.27% |         239      3.76%      9.04% |          99      1.56%     10.60% |         178      2.80%     13.40% |         263      4.14%     17.54% |         296      4.66%     22.20% |         270      4.25%     26.45% |         234      3.68%     30.14% |         161      2.54%     32.67% |         248      3.90%     36.58% |         141      2.22%     38.80% |         229      3.61%     42.40% |         143      2.25%     44.65% |         121      1.91%     46.56% |         186      2.93%     49.49% |         244      3.84%     53.33% |         249      3.92%     57.25% |         246      3.87%     61.12% |         238      3.75%     64.87% |         214      3.37%     68.24% |         168      2.65%     70.89% |         163      2.57%     73.45% |         246      3.87%     77.33% |         162      2.55%     79.88% |         236      3.72%     83.59% |         215      3.39%     86.98% |         125      1.97%     88.95% |         270      4.25%     93.20% |         136      2.14%     95.34% |         296      4.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6351                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          59      1.00%      1.00% |          91      1.54%      2.54% |         166      2.81%      5.34% |         226      3.82%      9.16% |          98      1.66%     10.82% |         163      2.76%     13.58% |         250      4.23%     17.80% |         274      4.63%     22.43% |         251      4.24%     26.68% |         218      3.69%     30.36% |         148      2.50%     32.87% |         228      3.85%     36.72% |         124      2.10%     38.82% |         211      3.57%     42.38% |         132      2.23%     44.62% |         115      1.94%     46.56% |         170      2.87%     49.43% |         222      3.75%     53.19% |         226      3.82%     57.01% |         231      3.91%     60.91% |         220      3.72%     64.63% |         203      3.43%     68.06% |         156      2.64%     70.70% |         154      2.60%     73.31% |         234      3.96%     77.26% |         148      2.50%     79.76% |         222      3.75%     83.52% |         201      3.40%     86.91% |         115      1.94%     88.86% |         252      4.26%     93.12% |         128      2.16%     95.28% |         279      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           2      0.46%      0.46% |           6      1.38%      1.83% |          11      2.52%      4.36% |          13      2.98%      7.34% |           1      0.23%      7.57% |          15      3.44%     11.01% |          13      2.98%     13.99% |          22      5.05%     19.04% |          19      4.36%     23.39% |          16      3.67%     27.06% |          13      2.98%     30.05% |          20      4.59%     34.63% |          17      3.90%     38.53% |          18      4.13%     42.66% |          11      2.52%     45.18% |           6      1.38%     46.56% |          16      3.67%     50.23% |          22      5.05%     55.28% |          23      5.28%     60.55% |          15      3.44%     63.99% |          18      4.13%     68.12% |          11      2.52%     70.64% |          12      2.75%     73.39% |           9      2.06%     75.46% |          12      2.75%     78.21% |          14      3.21%     81.42% |          14      3.21%     84.63% |          14      3.21%     87.84% |          10      2.29%     90.14% |          18      4.13%     94.27% |           8      1.83%     96.10% |          17      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          41      4.25%      4.25% |          36      3.73%      7.98% |          22      2.28%     10.26% |          39      4.04%     14.30% |          32      3.32%     17.62% |          25      2.59%     20.21% |          34      3.52%     23.73% |          26      2.69%     26.42% |          35      3.63%     30.05% |          36      3.73%     33.78% |          27      2.80%     36.58% |          28      2.90%     39.48% |          26      2.69%     42.18% |          30      3.11%     45.28% |          35      3.63%     48.91% |          31      3.21%     52.12% |          23      2.38%     54.51% |          25      2.59%     57.10% |          23      2.38%     59.48% |          29      3.01%     62.49% |          25      2.59%     65.08% |          32      3.32%     68.39% |          29      3.01%     71.40% |          32      3.32%     74.72% |          27      2.80%     77.51% |          28      2.90%     80.41% |          35      3.63%     84.04% |          28      2.90%     86.94% |          32      3.32%     90.26% |          25      2.59%     92.85% |          29      3.01%     95.85% |          40      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          965                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          19      4.38%      4.38% |           8      1.84%      6.22% |          16      3.69%      9.91% |          16      3.69%     13.59% |          11      2.53%     16.13% |          16      3.69%     19.82% |          20      4.61%     24.42% |          10      2.30%     26.73% |          15      3.46%     30.18% |          12      2.76%     32.95% |          12      2.76%     35.71% |          20      4.61%     40.32% |          15      3.46%     43.78% |           8      1.84%     45.62% |          12      2.76%     48.39% |           8      1.84%     50.23% |          14      3.23%     53.46% |          12      2.76%     56.22% |          20      4.61%     60.83% |          19      4.38%     65.21% |           8      1.84%     67.05% |           9      2.07%     69.12% |           8      1.84%     70.97% |          13      3.00%     73.96% |          17      3.92%     77.88% |          16      3.69%     81.57% |          15      3.46%     85.02% |          21      4.84%     89.86% |          12      2.76%     92.63% |          14      3.23%     95.85% |           8      1.84%     97.70% |          10      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          434                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           9      3.49%      3.49% |           6      2.33%      5.81% |           7      2.71%      8.53% |           7      2.71%     11.24% |           4      1.55%     12.79% |          11      4.26%     17.05% |           9      3.49%     20.54% |           5      1.94%     22.48% |           9      3.49%     25.97% |           9      3.49%     29.46% |           9      3.49%     32.95% |          15      5.81%     38.76% |          14      5.43%     44.19% |           4      1.55%     45.74% |           6      2.33%     48.06% |           6      2.33%     50.39% |           6      2.33%     52.71% |           9      3.49%     56.20% |          11      4.26%     60.47% |           9      3.49%     63.95% |           7      2.71%     66.67% |          12      4.65%     71.32% |           6      2.33%     73.64% |           9      3.49%     77.13% |           8      3.10%     80.23% |           5      1.94%     82.17% |           5      1.94%     84.11% |           9      3.49%     87.60% |          10      3.88%     91.47% |          11      4.26%     95.74% |           5      1.94%     97.67% |           6      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7397      3.22%      3.22% |        7237      3.15%      6.37% |        7193      3.13%      9.51% |        7124      3.10%     12.61% |        7431      3.24%     15.84% |        7136      3.11%     18.95% |        7035      3.06%     22.02% |        7075      3.08%     25.10% |        7237      3.15%     28.25% |        7085      3.09%     31.33% |        7185      3.13%     34.46% |        7074      3.08%     37.54% |        7346      3.20%     40.74% |        7120      3.10%     43.84% |        7172      3.12%     46.97% |        7199      3.14%     50.10% |        7348      3.20%     53.30% |        7121      3.10%     56.40% |        7109      3.10%     59.50% |        7050      3.07%     62.57% |        7250      3.16%     65.73% |        7102      3.09%     68.82% |        7210      3.14%     71.96% |        7107      3.10%     75.06% |        7189      3.13%     78.19% |        7158      3.12%     81.30% |        7085      3.09%     84.39% |        7124      3.10%     87.49% |        7384      3.22%     90.71% |        7053      3.07%     93.78% |        7245      3.16%     96.93% |        7039      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       229620                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      309508     17.93%     17.93% |      862881     50.00%     67.93% |       69339      4.02%     71.95% |       74675      4.33%     76.28% |       69314      4.02%     80.30% |       72961      4.23%     84.52% |       69436      4.02%     88.55% |       75165      4.36%     92.90% |       58469      3.39%     96.29% |       64014      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1725762                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      309508     17.93%     17.93% |      862881     50.00%     67.93% |       69339      4.02%     71.95% |       74675      4.33%     76.28% |       69314      4.02%     80.30% |       72961      4.23%     84.52% |       69436      4.02%     88.55% |       75165      4.36%     92.90% |       58469      3.39%     96.29% |       64014      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1725762                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      309508     17.93%     17.93% |      862881     50.00%     67.93% |       69339      4.02%     71.95% |       74675      4.33%     76.28% |       69314      4.02%     80.30% |       72961      4.23%     84.52% |       69436      4.02%     88.55% |       75165      4.36%     92.90% |       58469      3.39%     96.29% |       64014      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1725762                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      309508     17.93%     17.93% |      862881     50.00%     67.93% |       69339      4.02%     71.95% |       74675      4.33%     76.28% |       69314      4.02%     80.30% |       72961      4.23%     84.52% |       69436      4.02%     88.55% |       75165      4.36%     92.90% |       58469      3.39%     96.29% |       64014      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1725762                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
